1000 most common english phrases pdfAdvertisements
1000 most common english phrases pdf
Table of Contents
ToggleAsking Directions in EnglishGiving Directions in EnglishWays to Say NO in EnglishWays to Say I MISS YOUPhrases for Staying at a HotelWays to Say FOR EXAMPLEEnglish Classroom PhrasesWays to Say HELLOPhrases in ShoppingWays to Say GOOD LUCKWays to Say GOOD JOBWays to Say I AGREEWays to Say I'M SORRYWays to Say GOOD NIGHTWays to Say I LOVE YOUWays to Say BECAUSEWays to Say I DON'T KNOWEnglish Phrases – How to Accept ApologiesEnglish Phrases – How to Ask Someone to Repeat SomethingWays to Say I'M HUNGRYWays to Say Good MorningMaking ApologiesAccepting ApologiesCreative Ways to Say NOWays to Say GOODBYEWays To Say YESWays to Say HAPPY BIRTHDAYWays to Say HOW ARE YOU?Ways to Say I DON'T LIKE ITWays to Say OH MY GOD!Ways to Say I'M TIREDAnother Way to Say For Example
Asking Directions in English
How do I get to library?
Where is the nearest post office?
Can you tell me the way to the Big Hotel?
Are we on the right road for London?
Can you Show me on the map, please?
I'm looking for this address.
How do I find…?
Excuse me, How can I go to …?
Dou you have a map?
Are you from around here?
Where is …?
Which the best way to …?
Pardon me, I'm lost, how do I get to …?
I'm looking for …
Could you direct me to …?
May I ask for some help?
I need to get to …?
How can we get to High Park?
Is it far?
Excuse me, could you tell me how to get to the bus station?
Giving Directions in English
Go up…
It's on the corner
Go straight ahead
Cross…
Go along…
Turn left
Turn right
Turn left into … Street
It's in the middle of the block
You will pass a süpermarket on your left
Take this road
Turn right at the crossroads
It's on your left
It's on your right
It's about 100 meters from here
Take the first road on the right
Take the second road on the left
It's next to…
Ways to Say NO in English
My body says yes, but my heart say no.
Nope
Maybe another time.
I am not accepting anything else at this time.
We appreciate the offer, but …
I'm not really into it, but thanks for asking!
I'd rather not, thanks.
Nah
That's not going to work for me.
Sounds fun, but I'm not available.
I want to, but I'm unable to.
I just don't have that to give right now.
I'm not able to commit to that right now.
It is not a good idea for me.
Apologies, but I can't make it.
Ways to Say I MISS YOU
You bring joy to my life.
All I do is think of you.
I love being around you.
I'm infatuated with you.
You crossed my mind.
I appreciate you.
I feel sad without you.
You inspire me.
You are my reason for living.
You occupy my thoughts.
I miss your laugh.
I adore you.
You're everything to me.
You're the light of my life.
I'm head over heels for you.
I want a lifetime with you.Advertisements
Phrases for Staying at a Hotel
Do you have a reservation?
Do you need help with your bags?
Is there anything else we can help you with?
How many guests are with you?
Your room is on the second floor.
Thank you for staying with us!
I'd like to book a room, please.
We really enjoyed our stay.
The room is too noisy.
Can I see the room, please?
Please sign your name here.
More fresh towels are available at the front desk.
I'd like a single room, please.
Can someone help me with my bags?
When I can check-in?
Do you need a wake-up call?
Ways to Say FOR EXAMPLE
For instance
Additionally
Likewise
Note well
As an example being…
In particular
Let's say…
This includes
As seen in…
E.g.
One example is…
Such as
In addition to
By way of illustration
In a similar case
Especially
If you look at…
Examples include…
As a case in point…
An example being…
This can be seen when
These include…
As an example
Particularly
Like
English Classroom Phrases
Can you help me, please?
Can I go out?
Can I answer the question?
Can I switch off the lights?
Teacher, please can you repeat again?
Can I open the window?
Can we pack our things now?
What page are we on?
I am ready.
May I start it?
What is the homework?
Do we have to write this down?
Sorry, for being late.
May I open / close the window?
Can I go to the board?
Can I come in?
Can I pull up the blinds?
Can I pulldown the blinds?
May I join the class/group?
Can you explain it once more, please?
May I go out please?
Is this right?
Is this correct?
I am sorry.
I did not hear.
Can you speak louder, please?
Which book?
Can you explain that again?
Whe is the exam?
When is the homework for?
I have done this.
Can I go to the toilet?
Ways to Say HELLO
Good to see you
Hey, boo
Good evening
Good morning
Hello
Hey
How are you feeling today?
Bonjour
Howdy?
How are things?
What have you been up to?
Look what the cat dragged in!
It is nice to meet you
What's going on?
Good afternoon.
How have you been?
What's up?
Greeting
Stay safe
Welcome
Phrases in Shopping
Do you have a smaller size?
Where is the changing room?
Do you know where else I could try?
Do you have this item in stock?
Do you offer a cash discount?
Do you have any strawberry?
Do you have a refund policy?
How much is this?
Do you have a bigger size?
Do you sell organic vegetables?
Could you help me please?
Where can I weight my groceries?
Does it come with a guarantee/warranty?
I'm looking for a leather handbag.
Would you have this in another color?
Do you have something less pricey (expensive)?
Where is the fitting room?
Ways to Say GOOD LUCK
You'll do great.
Knock them dead!
You are going to be amazing!
Godspeed
Wishing you all the best!
I wish you luck!
Best wishes.
I hope things will turn out fine..
Blow them away!
Wishing you lots of luck!
Fingers crossed!
Wishing you a lot of luck!
You were made for this!
I hope things will work out all right.
May the force be with you.Advertisements
Ways to Say GOOD JOB
Much better!
You certainly did well today.
That kind of work makes me happy.
Way to go.
That's it.
Marvelous!
Cool!
Tremendous!
Fantastic!
Excellent!
Super-Duper!
Out of sight.
Now that's what I call a fine job.
Couldn't have done it better myself.
Keep working on it; you're improving.
It's such a pleasure to teach when
You work like that!
I think you're doing the right thing.
Terrific!
Ways to Say I AGREE
I see what you mean…
So do I.
I fee that way too.
Definitely.
I agree with you.
Yup
Yep
Absolutely!
You're absolutely right.
Exactly!
We are of one mind.
You can say that again.
I could not agree with you more my friend.
You've hit the nail on the head.
You got it dude.
Our thoughts are absolutely parallel.
You are so right.
Ways to Say I'M SORRY
I shouldn't have…
Excuse me for…
It's all my fault.
Please, accept my apologies for…
I apologize for…
Please, forgive me for my…
I must apologize for…
Ever so sory
That's my fault.
Please don't be mad at me.
How stupid thoughtless of me.
I'm really ashamed of what I did.
I'm really sorry about what I said.
That was rude of me.
I'm sorry.
I hope you'll forgive me for…
I do apologize for…
Ways to Say GOOD NIGHT
Sleep with angels
Sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite
Let's start counting the sheeps
Tomorrow is not soon enough.
Lets prepare.
Time to dream
Night night
Nite-nite
Have a good sleep
Dream of me
Until tomorrow
Rest time for blossoms
Don't let the bed bugs bite!
I'll see you in dreamland
Have sea dreams
Ways to Say I LOVE YOU
I respect you.
You are precious.
You complete me.
You're the love of my life.
I can't stop thinking about you.
I lost my heart on you.
I worship you.
You are my everything.
I need you.
I dreamt about you last night.
You bring happiness to rainly days.
I've got you under my skin.
You are the reason I'm alive.
You are my dear.
I'm affectionate for you.
I'm wild about you.
You're all I see.
I want you.
Ways to Say BECAUSE
now that
on the grounds that
over
owing to
seeing
as things go
being
by cause of
by reason of
by virtue of
considering
since
thanks to
through
whereas
for the reason that
for the sake of
in as much as
in behalf of
in that
in the interest of
Ways to Say I DON'T KNOW
That requires a bit more research first.
Beats me.
I don't know anything about …
I'm going to investigate that further.
It's beyond me.
It's a mystery to me.
That's a good question, but I don't know.
I'm not the best person to answer that.
That's a good question, I'II check this.
I'm afraid.
I've no idea.
I can't remember off the top of my head.
I don't have any information about that.
That's exactly what I'm seeking to answer.
Who knows?
Let me check on that.
I'm not 00% sure on that.
I'II double check and let you know.
English Phrases – How to Accept Apologies
That's OK.
I quite understand.
You couldn't help it.
Forget about it.
Don't worry about it.
That's all right.
It doesn't matter.
Don't worry.
You're forgiven!
It's ok.
No need to…
No harm done.
Don't apologize.
Never mind.
There's no need to.
It's all right.
I understand.
There is no need.
English Phrases – How to Ask Someone to Repeat Something
Excuse me?
Do you mind repeating that?
Sorry, I didn't hear what you said.
Sorry, I didn't catch that.
Could you pleasse repeat that?
Would you mind repeating that?
Pardon?
Sorry
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
Could you repeat that, please?
Let me repeat that just to make sure?
Ways to Say I'M HUNGRY
I'm hungry as a wolf!
I'm hungry as a bear!
Famishing
Flying light
Got the munchies
Hankering
My tummy is talking to me.
I'm freaking hungry!
Eager
Greedy
Keen
Ravenous
Starved
Famished
Hoggish
Hollow
I'm so hungry I could eat a scabby horse.
Ways to Say Good Morning
Good morning, sunshine!
Mornin' mi Amigo! (Male)
Mornin' mi Amiga! (Female)
Morning, good looking!
Rise and shine!
Morning!
Wakey-wakey!
Good day to you!
Good morning, Sleeping beauty!
Making Apologies
I'd like to apologize for…
Pardon me for this…
I am so sorry for…
I'm terribly sorry for…
Please, forgive me for…
I'm ashamed of…
Accepting Apologies
Don't mention it.
Creative Ways to Say NO
Not possible.
By no means.
I'm slammed.
Not for me, thanks.
Unfortunately, that's not something I can do at this time.
I'm really booked.
Thanks for thinking of me.
I really wish I could.
That's not an option.
This is not negotiable.
I think not.
If only it worked, but …
Not for me my friend, thanks.
I have something else.
I'd like to, but I know I'II regret it.
I really appreciate you asking me, bu t I can't do it.
I really appreciate you asking me but I can't commit to that right now.
No, thanks.
Thanks for thinking of me but I can't
Unfortunately not.
I'm afraid I can't.
I'm sorry I'm busy.
Maybe next time.
I'd love to – but can't.
My body say yes, but my heart say no.
That doesn't work for me.
I wish I could make it work.
I am honoured that you asked me but I can't do it.
Sounds tempting, but I'II have to pass.
Ways to Say GOODBYE
Adios
Bye now
Bye-bye
Take it easy
Aloha
Cheerio
I'm off
Gotta go!
Good night
I gotta take off
Talk to you later
Keep in touch
Lovely to meet you
Peace!
See ya!
Catch you later
Have a good one
Be seeing you!
Ways To Say YES
Why not?
Brilliant!
Uh-huh
Willingly
Sure I can!
No problem
Yes, what is it?
You bet
Good!
Undoubtly!
I shall!
Si!
As you wish!
Permission granted!
Yes, what can I dofor you?
Precisely!
Ways to Say HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Have a fabulous birthday!
I hope you have a fantastic day.
Have a great one!
Wishin you many more candles to blow.
Many happy returns of the day!
All the best on your special day!
Many happy returns!
I wish you a wonderful birthday!
May you birthday be filled with laughter!
I wish you all the best on your special day.
I hope you have a fantastic day and a fantastic year to come.
I wish you a wonderful day!
Wishing you a day that is as special as you are!
Congratulations on another year of skillful death evasion!
Hope you have an enjoyable birthday! You deserve it.
Ways to Say HOW ARE YOU?
What's new?
How's it going?
How's everything?
How's life?
What'sgoing on?
What's happening?
How do you do?
What are you up to?
How are you doing?
How are you holding up?
Whassup?
How are things going?
How are you been?
Ways to Say I DON'T LIKE IT
I'm not into it.
I can't stand it.
I hate it.
I'm not a big fan of it.
I've had enough.
I'm not crazy about it.
I loathe it.
I am sick of it.
I don't appreciate it.
I'm not really fond of it.
I'II pass.
I am not passionate about it.
I am not keen on it.
That's not for me.
I am not a big fan of it.
That's not my thing.
I'm disinterested in that.
Ways to Say OH MY GOD!
Goodness gracious me!
Oh my!
Holy moly
For heaven's sake!
Oh Jesus!
Blimey!
For the love of God!
Gosh almighty!
Shitting Hell!
That is bare sick!
Heavens to Betsy!
Holy crap
Oh my goodness!
Oh boy!
Ways to Say I'M TIRED
I'm weary
I'm bushed
I'm beat
I'm done
I'm sleepy
I'm spent
I'm flat out tired
I'm dead-tired
I'm running on fumes
I'm dog tired
I'm tired to the bone
I'm knockered
I'm pooped
I'm exhausted
I'm worn out
I'm dead on my feet
I'm dragging
I'm running on empty
Another Way to Say For Example
Namely
To illustrate
As a case in point
Also
This is illustrated…
Thse include…
Note well…
 
Advertisements
If you’re preparing for the IELTS Test, it’s important to know what IELTS Speaking questions might come up. In this article, we will provide an overview of the different parts of the Speaking test, as well as real questions from past exams.
The examiner will ask you questions about yourself and your life. These IELTS Speaking questions are usually easier to answer than the other two parts. The good news is all of the questions are about, and you are the world-leading expert on the topic of you.
-Can you tell me where you live?
-Do you work or study?
-What do you do in your free time?
To learn more about how to answer these types of questions, watch the following video:
The examiner will give you a topic card. You will have 1 minute to prepare your response. Then you will speak for 1-2 minutes on the topic. Don’t worry, the examiner will stop you when you reach 2 minutes.
The topics are random and cannot be predicted, but they are normally topics that anyone in the world can talk about.
-Describe a time when you were really proud of yourself.
-Talk about a hobby that you enjoy.
-Tell me about a place that you have visited that you really liked.
The examiner will ask you more detailed questions about the topic from Part 2. They may also ask you about other interrelated topics. They are normally on abstract IELTS Speaking questions, and resemble the kind of ‘academic’ questions you might get asked in IELTS Writing Task 2.
-What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking up a new hobby?
-Do you think people should return to their hometowns after finishing school or university?
-What are the benefits of living in a big city?
Accommodation
Art & Photography
Bags & Boat
Clothes, Fashion & Photos
Daily Routine
Dictionaries
Family & Housework
Gift & Noise
High School
Indoor Activities & Transportation
Mobile Phones
Musical Instruments
Newspaper And Magazine
Outdoor Activities
Patience & Politeness
Public Transport
The internet
Volunteer Works
Describe an advertisement that persuaded you to buy a product. You should say:
Explain why you think that advertisement made the product seem attractive.
A Challenging Thing You Did
Describe a challenging thing you have done. You should say:
and explain why you thought it was challenging.
A Person You Know
Describe an old person that you know. You should say:
Explain why you like them.
Describe a child that you know and like a lot. You should say:
Explain why you like them a lot.
Describe someone who has had an important influence on your life. You should say:
Explain why they have had such an influence on you.
Describe a person that you think is very interesting. You should say:
Explain why this person is very interesting.
Describe a (very) intelligent person you know. You should say:
and explain why you think this person is intelligent.
Describe your favourite teacher from school. You should say:
Explain why you remember this teacher so well.
Describe your favourite childhood friend. You should say:
and explain what made you like him/her.
Describe a person you know who loves to grow plants (vegetables, fruits, flowers). Please tell me:
explain why they enjoy growing plants
Describe a present or gift you have given someone. You should say:
Explain why you decided to give this particular gift.
Describe a present or gift someone gave you that you really liked. You should say:
Explain why you liked it.
Describe a person who taught you something important. You should say:
and explain why you think what they taught is important.
Describe an interesting animal you have seen. You should say:
and explain why you think this animal is interesting.
Talk about a painting you would like to have in your home. You should say:
and explain why you want to have it in your home.
A Time When Someone Apologised To You
Describe a time when someone apologised to you. You should say:
and explain why they apologised to you.
Talk about a book you are reading now or have read recently. You should say:
And say if you would like to read something else similar or not, and why
Talk about a book you have never read but would like to read. You should mention:
And say how you think it will compare to other books you have read
Talk about a book or novel you recently read. Please tell me:
And why do you think you will read the book again or not?
Describe a building that you particularly like. You should say:
Explain why you like this building.
Describe a small business you want to start. You should say:
and explain why you want to start this business.
Describe a successful small business that you know about. You should say:
and explain why you think this business/company is successful.
Describe a positive change in your life. You should say:
and describe how it affected you later in life.
Describe your favourite piece of clothing. You should say:
And explain why it is your favourite piece of clothing.
Describe a uniform you have worn (such as a school or company uniform). You should say:
and explain how you felt about that uniform.
Describe your favourite city or a city you have visited that you like very much. You should say:
And the major attractions in this city are
Describe an organisation or a company that you know. Please say
And if you would like to work there.
Describe your favourite part of the day. You should say:
Explain why this is your favourite part of the day.
Describe an important decision you have made. You should say:
and explain why the decision was so important.
Electronic Devices
Describe a useful electronic device you would like to own. You should say:
and explain why you would like it.
Describe a piece of electronic equipment that you have. You should say:
and describe why it is important to you
Describe a piece of electronic equipment that you find useful. You should say:
and explain why you find this piece of electronic equipment useful.
Entertainment
Describe a comedian that you think is very funny. You should say:
Explain why you think this comedian is very funny.
Describe a TV show that you enjoy. You should say:
Explain why you like it.
Describe a performance you enjoyed watching. You should say:
and explain why you enjoyed the performance.
Environment
Describe an environmental problem or event. You should say:
And what do you think will happen in the future regarding this event.
Describe a type of exercise that you like to do. You should say:
Explain why you like this particular exercise.
Exciting Experience
Describe an exciting experience you’ve had. You should say:
And explain what made this experience especially exciting.
Talk about the last time your whole family got together. You should mention:
And say if you would like to do the same thing again soon or not, and why
Describe a family member that you get on well with. You should mention:
And say why you think you have a good relationship
Describe one of your relatives. You should say:
And say which other relative of yours they are most similar to
Describe a family member you spend a lot of time with. You should say:
and explain why you spend the most time with him/her.
Describe a famous food from your hometown or country. You should say:
And say why you think it is famous
Describe a meal that you had that you remember well. You should say:
Explain why you remember this particular occasion.
Describe a meal that you ate out. You should say:
Explain why you remember this meal.
Describe a friend who has played an important part in your life. You should say:
And explain why this person has been important in your life
Describe a friend you had in primary school. You should say:
And say whether you are still in contact with that person or not, and why
Describe a piece of furniture that you own. You should say:
and explain why you like it.
Describe a garden or park you enjoyed visiting. You should say:
and explain why you liked it.
Describe a present that you gave someone. You should say:
And say how that present compares to other presents you have given that person or other people.
Describe your (or your friend’s) experience with an illness or injury. You should say:
and say how you feel about it now.
Describe something healthy you enjoy doing. You should say:
and explain why you think doing this is healthy.
Describe an article you read in a magazine or on the Internet that could help people improve their health. You should say:
and explain why (you think) it could improve people’s health.
Describe a time when you helped someone. You should say:
And if you will help them in the future.
Describe a historical place that you have visited. You should say:
and describe your experience of the place.
Talk about a leisure activity you did when you were a child. You should say:
And say if you have become more or less interested in that hobby since you were a child, and why.
Talk about an activity you like doing when you are on holiday. You should say:
And say whether you also enjoyed doing that when you were a child or not, and why
Talk about somewhere you went on holiday. You should say:
And say if you would recommend that holiday to a friend or not, and why
Talk about your dream holiday. You should say:
And say if you ever think you will go on a holiday like that or not, and why
Talk about your plans for your next long vacation. You should say:
And say how likely you are to do what you have planned and why.
Describe a house or apartment you would like to live in. You should say:
and explain why you would like to live in this place.
Describe an important building in your hometown or city. You should say:
and explain why you think it is important.
Describe a change that could improve your local area. You should say:
and explain how this change would improve your local area.
Describe someone who has had an important influence in your life. You should say:
and explain why this person has had such an influence on you.
Describe a website that you often use. You should say:
And how it compares to other similar websites.
Talk about one method of learning a foreign language you have used. You should say:
And say if you will use that same method in the future or not, and why
Talk about an English language book you have read or used. You should say:
And say if you would use a similar book again or not, and why
Talk about a language test you have taken. You should say:
And say if you think the test was a good indicator of your language level or not, and why.
Describe an important lake/river in your country. Please tell me:
explain why it is important
Describe a time you were late for something. You should say:
and explain what happened because you were late.
Describe the most useful household appliance that you have. You should say:
And explain why it is so important to you.
Describe an occasion when you forgot something important. You should say:
And if you think this will happen again.
Describe a happy childhood event. You should say:
Mobile phone
Describe a time when you couldn’t use your mobile phone. You should say:
and explain why you were not able to use your mobile phone.
Describe what you would do if you received a very large amount of money. You should say:
and explain how you would feel about getting so much money.
Describe a special day out that cost you little money/did not cost you much. You should say:
and explain how you feel about the day.
Describe something (special) that you saved money to buy. You should say:
and explain how you felt when (or, after) you bought it.
Talk about a musical instrument you would like to be able to play but have never tried. You should say:
And say if you think you will ever try to play that instrument or not, and why
Describe your favourite song. You should say:
Explain why it is your favourite song.
Describe an interesting piece of news that you have recently read about or heard about. You should say:
and explain why this news story was interesting to you.
Describe some good news that you recently received. You should say:
Explain why this was good news.
Describe a person who is often in the news and who you would like to meet. You should say:
and explain why you would like to meet him/her.
Describe people that you know and believe to be very good parents. You should say:
And explain what it requires to be good parents.
Describe the best party you have been to. You should say:
and explain what made it so enjoyable.
Talk about a birthday party you can remember well. You should say:
And say how it was different from other birthdays you have had before or since
Describe a typical festival or celebration in your country. You should say:
And say if that is your favourite celebration or not, and why
Describe your favourite festival or celebration. You should say:
And say how that festival or celebration compares to others in your country or abroad.
Describe a crowded place you’ve been to. You should say:
and explain how you felt about the place.
Talk about one thing you are going to do next weekend. You should mention:
And say whether you are looking forward to it or not and why
Talk about one thing you are planning to do after you pass the IELTS test. You should say:
And say whether there are any other options for what you could do which might be just as good.
Talk about a goal or ambition you have. You should say:
And say if you think you will achieve that goal or ambition or not, and why
Presents or Gifts
Describe a photograph that you like. You should say:
Explain why you like the photograph.
Describe something which is produced in your country, such as food, a handicraft, or a car. You should say:
and explain why your country produces this thing.
Describe your favourite book. You should say:
Explain why this book is your favourite.
Describe a website that you visit a lot. You should say:
Explain why you visit the website a lot.
Restaurants
Describe a restaurant or a cafe you often go to. You should say:
And say why you like it.
Describe a traffic rule or law you know about. You should say:
and explain why this rule is important.
Describe a rule you had to obey when you were in school. You should say:
and what would happen if students broke the rule.
Describe a school that you are attending or attended in the past. You should say:
And say if you think it is a good school building or not, and why
Talk about a subject you would like to study in the future. You should say:
And say if you think you will start studying it soon or not, and why
Describe an area of science that you are interested in. You should say
And explain how this area of science helps you
Describe a scientific subject that you learned about in high school. You should say:
and explain how this subject helped you in your life.
Describe a shopping street in your hometown. You should say:
And say if you think shopping there will become more or less popular in the future, and why.
Describe a shop in your hometown or the place you are living now. You should say:
And, if you think it will be popular or not in the future, and why
Social Problems
Describe a problem in your city. You should say:
and say what can be done to solve or reduce the effects of this problem.
Something Difficult To Use
Describe something you bought that was difficult to use at first. You should say:
and explain why it was difficult to use at first.
Talk about a sport you like doing or watching. You should say:
And say if you think it is an easy sport to do or not, and why
Talk about a sport many people enjoy, but you have never tried. You should say:
And say if you think you will do this sport in the near future or not, and why
Talk about a sport that interests you, but you have never tried. You should say:
And say if you think you will ever do this sport or not, and why
Describe a sporting event you attended. You should say:
Explain why you consider this event to be of interest.
Describe a sport that you would like to try. You should say:
Explain why this sport would be good to try.
Describe the best teacher you have had. You should say:
and explain why you think this person was the best teacher you’ve had.
Text message
Describe an important text message you received. You should say:
and explain why the message was important to you.
Describe something you own which is very important to you. You should say:
And explain why it is important to you.
Traditional Product
Talk about a traditional product which is very popular in your country. You should say
And if it is popular in other countries.
Transportation
Describe the transportation system in your hometown or the place you are living now. You should say:
And say if you think most people are happy with the transportation system or not, and why.
Talk about one means of transportation that you often use. You should mention:
And say if you think you will use that means of transport more or less often in the future, and why.
Describe a trip you took by public transport. You should say:
and explain how you felt about the trip.
Describe a journey you have been on. You should say:
And say whether you think it was easy to take this journey or not, and why.
Talk about something tourists like to do in your country. You should say:
And say if you think it will become more popular or less popular in the future and why
Talk about a day trip you have been on. You should say:
And say whether you would like to go back to the same place again or not, and why.
Talk about a part of your country you have never been to but would like to visit. You should say:
And say how you first became interested in going to that place.
Talk about a foreign country you have never been to but would like to visit. You should say:
Describe a country you would like to visit in the future that you haven’t been to yet. You should say:
Explain why this country would be such a good place to visit.
Describe a lake, a river or a sea you have visited. You should say:
Explain why you like this particular place.
Describe a holiday that you recently went on that you enjoyed. You should say:
Explain why this holiday was enjoyable.
Describe a traditional product in your country. You should say:
and explain how you feel about it.
Describe a TV programme that you often watch. You should say:
And say if you think that programme is better than other TV programmes that are on at the same time or not, and why
Describe a plant, vegetable or crop that you are familiar with. You should say:
And explain why it is important for your country.
Describe a time when the weather prevented you from doing something. You should say:
and explain how you felt when you had to change your plans.
Describe your dream job. You should say:
And say if you think you will be able to get a job like that or not, and why.
Describe your dream workplace. You should say:
And say if you think you will ever work in a place like that or not, and why.
Talk about a job you have done or know about. You should say:
And say if you think it is a satisfying job to do or not, and why.
Talk about a job someone in your family does.You should say:
And say if you think that person enjoys their job or not, and why.
Describe a workplace you have worked in or know about.You should say:
And say if you think it is a good place to work or not, and why.
Describe a job you would like to do in the future.You should say:
And say if you think you will be able to get that job or not, and why.
A Member of A Team
Desired Change to Local Area
Eating habits
Leisure activities
Time When Someone Apologised to You
Traditional Products
British Council Practice Questions
IELTS Speaking Resources
