I am fond of soccer, rugby, football, and so on.
The teacher quizzed his pupils on English.
The teacher pointed out the grammatical errors made by the students.
Peaches taste sweet.
There is a man by the side of the pond.
The president doesn't see anybody.
You seem to have gained some weight.
I saw him again.
The host cut the turkey for the guests.
Please come and see me whenever it is convenient for you.
I didn't know the city, and what's more, I couldn't speak a word of the language.
With the coming of winter, days are getting shorter.
I know what a lucky boy I am.
The water will soon drain away.
The player was pleased with his victory.
He replied that he did not know.
The birds settled on the branches.
I intend to become a lawyer.
I have more dresses than my sister.
What happened next, I don't know.
Having walked for sometime, we came to the lake.
The elephant was killed by the hunter.
Traveling by sea is a lot of fun.
One's success in life has little to do with one's inborn gift.
I can hear nothing.
I got up early yesterday.
If you drive, don't drink.
I've got one brother and two sisters.
Representative democracy is one form of government.
I have many books.
I have few friends here.
We ought to obey the law.
Is there anything I must do?
I made him tell the truth.
I saw her a week ago today.
I got up late this morning.
I anticipated his question.
All the boys enjoyed skiing.
Let me introduce my wife.
The war lasted nearly ten years.
Not all of us are against her idea.
While we were speaking, he kept silent.
The earth is the shape of an orange.
My mother is a psychology teacher.
We were surprised when we saw him in the office this morning.
Be quiet during the lesson.
A rainbow is one of the most beautiful phenomena of nature.
Will I have a scar?
Last time I couldn't carry my baby to full term.
Many students bought the book.
We have barely enough bread for breakfast.
The earth moves around the sun.
I call on him every other day.
My parents also have a farm.
I am confronted with a difficult problem.
I must make up for the loss.
The sun melted the snow.
I recognized the teacher at once, because I had met him before.
As soon as I sat down, I fell asleep.
We often play cards on Sunday.
As far as I know, he is reliable.
I want to go over to France.
I regret saying that you were wrong.
People once held that the world was flat.
I regret not having taken my doctor's advice.
I have been to the U.S. twice.
I saw him enter the room.
I wish I were a millionaire.
I saw them surrounding him.
I don't like the way he speaks to me.
If the weather is fine, I'll go swimming in the river.
I'd like you to look after my dog.
No matter what he says, don't trust him.
Where is the library?
Our problems are nothing compared to hers.
Weather permitting, we are going to get to the top of the mountain tomorrow.
The teacher permitted the boy to go home.
I may be too old.
My job is taking care of the baby.
My daughter has grown out of all her old clothes.
The trend of public opinion is against corporal punishment.
What time is it in Tokyo?
We sniffed at the food suspiciously.
Many people were left homeless as a result of the earthquake.
An accident just happened.
The swans on the river make a dreamlike scene.
I want to play the guitar.
I want to surprise him.
Don't forget to write to me.
My period is five weeks late.
I saw him cross the street.
Japanese women tend to look tiny and delicate.
I'm a poor carpenter.
It is impossible for him to become a doctor.
I come here every Fourth of July.
I'm poor.
All our attempts were in vain.
My mother is beautiful.
People were removing the snow on the street.
I don't like visiting big cities.
I've been down with a headache.
I lost sight of her in the crowd.
Dinner is probably ready, so we had better hurry home.
I am familiar with this part of town.
Build up your body while young.
Repeat what I have just told you.
A sailor is at sea much of the time.
My hobby is shopping.
The social structure has changed beyond recognition.
We work by day and rest by night.
I like to walk in the mountains.
Don't come into my room.
We returned to Osaka on April 2.
Please show your ticket.
The boy looked into the room.
I can't tell who will arrive first.
A farm boy accidentally overturned his wagonload of wheat on the road.
I wear contact lenses.
Paper is made from wood.
Living costs are getting higher.
I expect him to help me.
I bought this book yesterday.
It is funny for him to say so.
Do I have to change my diet?
We must not be late.
The reason why he should resign his job is that he is not equal to it.
We thought of him as a genius.
We believed that the earth moves round the sun.
I received a letter from her.
He would often come to see us when I was a child.
I found nothing but a pair of scissors.
Do you believe me?
I want a car, but I have no money to buy one.
He is utterly impossible.
The girl lifted her face, still wet with tears.
There was nothing interesting in the newspaper.
Reflections could be seen in the puddles.
It is wrong for a man to conceal things from his wife.
I said that I didn't go shopping with her.
I waited more than two hours.
Is it necessary for me to attend the party?
Time is more precious than anything else.
I was unable to attend the party, nor did I want to.
I will go abroad next year.
Saying what you think frankly is not a bad thing.
I will protect you from danger.
Do you have any books to read?
I made up my mind to be a doctor.
To the best of my knowledge, he is innocent.
One who longs for death is miserable, but more miserable is he who fears it.
I spend all her money on the car.
Little did I think that I would win the prize.
When did you arrive in Japan?
I do not like wearing anybody else's clothes.
Speak more slowly so that we can understand you.
I looked on him as the boss.
What I need is not money, but your advice.
I'm good at singing.
Over-sleeping is no excuse for being late.
I can't get the car to start.
The baby ceased crying.
Miss Kanda runs very fast.
What I'm saying is quite true.
All of us would like to get rid of nuclear weapons.
When I went down to the garden, two little girls were picking daisies.
The water has been cut off.
I always take a bath in the morning.
We will do our best.
Grandmother sent us a box of apples.
The girl vanished like magic.
He can not have gone to school.
I am an American.
By other's faults wise men correct their own.
I got acquainted with him last year.
You cannot please everyone.
I have not asked for help, nor do I desire it.
The passengers on board were mostly Japanese.
I like to fish in the river.
The letter was written by her.
Where would you like to go next Sunday?
I will quit smoking for good.
Stick with me until we get out of the crowd.
My car won't start.
A captain is in charge of his ship and its crew.
I intend to stay in Nagoya for three days.
May I ask you to close the window?
I have a tourist visa.
As I have walked all the day, I am very tired.
I had to stand a trying situation.
I heard the bell ring.
I take my health seriously.
I can't go, nor do I want to.
I read all kinds of books.
We buy CDs.
I walked through the cars of the train to find a seat.
There is a good chance that he will win.
I am not concerned with the affair.
I gave him my address.
I visit my grandmother twice a week.
The examination is at hand.
I have an appointment with him at noon.
Do not touch the exhibits.
The pupils disobeyed their teacher.
I escaped from the sinking boat with difficulty.
I have seen that film long ago.
I hope you will hear me out.
I like history.
I haven't met him in person, but I know of him.
If you're low on money, this one will be on me.
I claimed my baggage.
I sent her home.
Don't look only on the dark side of life.
The answers must be written in ink.
I'm old enough to live by myself.
When does the next train leave?
Eat as much as you like.
I was very worried about her.
I have been silent for a long time.
We must conform to the rules.
He can't possibly write the letter by himself.
I asked him to be here by six.
So many men, so many minds.
Nice to meet you, Ken.
I have come to Japan not to teach but to write.
I would like to go to the USA.
I recognized Jane at once by her voice.
If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
Excuse me for being late.
He gave me a ride to the Narita airport.
Human beings are powerless before nature.
I use it every day.
That's unusual.
We are liable to judge others by the clothes they wear.
I was born on February 14, 1960.
I can't trust such a man as he.
You don't have to stay in the hospital.
I put on my trousers.
I have no sexual desire.
My dream is to become a teacher.
We moved here separately three years ago.
I'm sorry I've lost my watch.
Do you have any ID?
It is interesting for me to read my old diary.
He feels happy in spite of his failure.
Driving a car is really very simple.
I want to apologize for the other day.
What do you plan to major in in college?
We have the question whether he did it by himself or not.
Books for young people sell well these days.
I have some chores to do.
I'm doing my homework.
I am not cut out to be a politician.
We ate fresh fruit after dinner.
I don't like living in the country.
There is nothing like cold beer on a hot day.
Several yachts were sailing side by side far out at sea.
I am not used to hard work.
Man is unable to escape death.
I liked Tony.
I cut the article out of the magazine.
I can't recall her name at the moment.
Methinks my own soul must be a bright invisible green.
Thank you very much, doctor.
I meet her once a week.
I'm looking for a house.
Don't leave me behind!
On the whole I am satisfied with the experiment.
I like to go to a local jazz club where I can enjoy live music.
I'm planning to go to graduate school.
I met the president himself.
Minutes of the previous meeting were accepted.
My uncle has been dead for three years.
I know his family.
I don't have to clean my room.
Will I get well soon?
What's the good of having a car if you don't drive?
I saw a man's face in the window.
The sun came out.
Please close the door quietly.
I saw him swim across the river.
Give me half of it.
I regret having said such a thing to my teacher.
It is important for him to get the job.
We didn't know which bus to take.
I live in Tokyo.
I was captured.
What time's the next train to Washington?
There is quite a bit of water remaining.
I met him just as he was coming out of school.
I like summer better than winter.
I am acquainted with the custom.
Japan is an industrial country.
We need not have hurried.
I have already finished this book.
Come quick!
The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon.
We have to put off making a final decision until next week.
I visited the village where he was born.
I demanded that he pay the bill immediately.
Don't open the window.
What I want now is a hot cup of coffee.
I had to work on an essay.
I agree with you.
Haruko likes warm springs.
I met him on my way from school.
We didn't see many deer in the forest.
We gather here once a week.
Please listen carefully.
Frankly speaking, you made a mistake.
Even good friends should make an effort to keep up their friendship.
We shared the cost of the meal.
Gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me.
I don't know French.
Sometimes reality and fantasy are hard to distinguish.
We depend on you.
Sadako watched the sun lowering in the west and became blind.
I want to study French.
My grandfather is very healthy.
I am sorry to cancel the appointment at the last minute.
I will play tennis this afternoon.
The new law will deprive religious minorities of their right to vote.
We're all linked in friendship.
I'm free today.
I was ten minutes late for school.
He was confounded at the sight of the teacher.
We took refuge behind a big tree.
We reached the top of the mountain.
Man will not cry in public.
Mine is not so good as yours.
I want to ride a bicycle, because I live far from my school.
I don't know where you're from, and neither does he.
I have no time to read books.
I love my grandmother very much.
The girl went to school in spite of her illness.
I was thinking about what she had said to me.
You mustn't despise him because he didn't win a prize.
Do you think we'll reach his house before noon?
It is interesting to look at the stars.
I have lost the key.
I have chapped lips.
I acted up to my principles.
Don't be afraid to try new things.
I want to study history.
I'm killing time.
I'm color-blind.
Thank you so much for inviting me.
The new bridge will have been completed by March.
I'm all for it.
I heard her to the end.
I heard Jill play the piano.
You've arrived too early.
Will you look after my cat?
A Japanese businessman bought the artwork for 200 million yen.
I have diabetes.
I had lunch with Mike at that restaurant.
My throat hurts when I swallow.
I'll buy a watch for my son.
We watched a new program on television.
I want to become a teacher of Japanese.
A baby boy was born to them.
I observed that his hands were unsteady.
I am assured of your help.
I sometimes dream of home.
I haven't seen you for a long time. Come and see me once in a while.
I'd like to get a pregnancy test.
I am able to read English.
I use it.
Water is a natural resource of vital importance.
Keep your room as neat as you can.
I like swimming very much.
He is father to the bride.
I regret not having worked hard in my youth.
I wrote my name on the paper.
Tie the horse to that tree.
Success depends mostly on effort.
Why is the baby crying?
Could you give me a discount?
I think you have the wrong number.
He who thinks himself already too wise to learn from others will never succeed in doing anything.
A friend of mine came to see me.
God created the heaven and the earth.
The information seems to have leaked out.
Making a choice always means making a sacrifice, giving up one thing for another.
When I returned home, my brother was doing his homework.
We sang for her.
I use the computer.
There used to be a large park here.
We are inclined to forget this fact.
Truth needs not many words.
Apart from a few spelling mistakes, it is a good composition.
I don't know whether he'll come by train or by car.
I regret not having kept my promise.
Mari and Maki are sisters.
Mathematics is her weak point.
The ship appeared on the horizon.
I finished the work by myself.
We took him for an American.
Sunday is the first day of the week.
Dinner's ready.
I helped carry those bags.
I'm not good at speaking off the cuff.
I know where he lives. But it is a secret.
I proposed the plan to my classmates, some of whom were against it.
Women use talking to maintain personal relationships.
Is there a parking lot?
We are badly in want of water.
A puppy followed me wagging its tail.
I was late for school this morning.
I am already forgetting my grandmother's face.
Someone is calling for help.
I am afraid that I shall not be free till the examination is over.
The human heart is analogous to a pump.
