Attribute a quality belonging to or characteristic of an entity The authors found that when the available prospects varied more inattributes such as age, height, occupation and educational background, people made fewer dating proposals.
Exert make a great effort at a mental or physical task School boards may come to exert even greater influence over what students read.
Oppress come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority Those who managed to survive were later oppressed by Poland's post-war communist authorities.
Contend compete for something But eight men, however bold and stout-hearted, could not long contendwith an enemy at least four times their number.
Stake a strong wooden or metal post driven into the ground His remains were buried in Cannon Street, and a stake was driven through the body.
Toil work hard He toiled in the sweat of his brow, tilling the stubborn ground, taking out stones, building fences.
Perish pass from physical life Simon Wiesenthal's parents are long since deceased, with his father dying in World War I and his mother perishing in the Holocaust.
Disposition your usual mood Melancholia — the state of mind — can hide behind seemingly sunnydispositions.
Rail complain bitterly Mr. Gray railed against lengthy stage directions, saying he crossed them out in scripts before he would begin rehearsals with his actors.
Cardinal one of a group of prominent bishops in the Sacred College Each time he names cardinals he puts his stamp on Roman Catholicism's future by choosing men who share his views.
Boast talk about oneself with excessive pride or self-regard Mr. Estes was also well connected politically, boasting that the president of the United States took his calls.
Advocate a person who pleads for a person, cause, or idea Well, safety advocates, consumers and the government dragged the automobile industry toward including seat belts, air bags, more visible taillights and other safety features.
Bestow present He bestowed public buildings and river improvements in return for votes.
Allege report or maintain It is being fired into enclosed areas and homes, the human rights groupalleges.
Notwithstanding despite anything to the contrary He seems to have taken things easily enough, notwithstanding the sorrow and suffering that surrounded him on every side.
Lofty of imposing height; especially standing out above others He found himself in an enormous hall with a lofty ceiling.
Multitude a large indefinite number Department store chains in general have been strained in recent years as a " multitude" of alternatives has emerged, all competing for customers.
Steep having a sharp inclination It was narrow and very steep, and had precipices in all parts, so that they could not mount upward except one at a time.
Heed pay close attention to But Cain was already too far gone to heed the warning voice.
Modest not large but sufficient in size or amount A healthy person living in an unfashionable city with no student loans to pay off can get by on a fairly modest income.
Partial being or affecting only a segment Generalizations of this sweeping order are apt to contain only partial truth.
Apt naturally disposed toward Another reason to display beds at an electronics show: consumers are aptto use high-tech devices while tucked in.
Esteem the condition of being honored Despite being held in the highest esteem by his fellow poets, Redgrove never quite achieved the critical reception or readership he deserved.
Credible appearing to merit belief or acceptance Mike Mullen, then chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has acknowledged receiving the memo but said he ignored it as not credible.
Provoke provide the needed stimulus for It provoked a bigger reaction than we could ever have anticipated.
Tread a step in walking or running The farmer went down, his clumsy boots making no sound on the uncarpeted stairway, so careful was his tread.
Ascertain learn or discover with confidence Health care providers and manufacturers can ascertain alternative treatment more effectively by tackling predicted drug shortage incidences early in the process.
Fare proceed, get along, or succeed A recent study breaks down how graduates with various college degrees arefaring in today’s difficult job market.
Cede relinquish possession or control over Some militia chiefs say they will only cede command of their fighters once an organized military and security apparatus is in place.
Perpetual continuing forever or indefinitely The river is a perpetual enjoyment, always something going on.
Decree a legally binding command or decision While the decree takes effect immediately, it requires Parliament’s approval within 60 days to remain in force.
Contrive make or work out a plan for; devise The wily Roc, never taken much by surprise, contrived to escape, but old Tributor and his men were all captured.
Derived formed or developed from something else; not original Modern kale, cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, Brussels sprouts, and kohlrabi are all members of the same species, derived from a single prehistoric plant variety.
Elaborate marked by complexity and richness of detail But the tobacco industry and owners of other convenience stores say tribal cigarette manufacturing is just an elaborate form of tax evasion.
Substantial real; having a material or factual existence Defence lawyers said the large number of forensic tests which had been carried out had failed to find any substantial evidence linked to the accused.
Frontier a wilderness at the edge of a settled area of a country Adding to the precarious security situation, tribesmen kidnapped 18 Egyptian border guards along the frontier with Israel in Sinai Peninsula.
Facile arrived at without due care or effort; lacking depth As one teacher remarks about a troubled student, “There is no facilesolution.”
Cite make reference to The Federal Reserve has pledged low interest rates until late 2014, citing in part the weakness of the job market.
Warrant show to be reasonable or provide adequate ground for In the United Kingdom and Europe the devices are not used unless the need is warranted by the patient's medical condition.
Sob weep convulsively He cried and trembled, sobbing, while they spoke, like the child he was.
Rider a traveler who actively sits and travels on an animal In horseback riding, a rider will give commands by squeezing or lengthening the reins and altering the position of his legs.
Dense permitting little if any light to pass through Dense black smoke rose in the distance as demonstrators burned tires in Shiite villages.
Afflict cause physical pain or suffering in Melanoma globally afflicts nearly 160,000 new people each year.
Flourish grow vigorously His business had been all along steadily flourishing, his patrons had been of high social position, some most illustrious, others actually royal.
Ordain invest with ministerial or priestly authority One of the present bishops was consecrated when quite a young boy, and deacons are often ordained at sixteen, and even much earlier.
Pious having or showing or expressing reverence for a deity Mother, you see, is a very pious woman, and she attributes it all to Providence, saying that it was the Divine interference in her behalf.
Vex disturb, especially by minor irritations There are vexing problems slowing the growth and the practical implementation of big data technologies.
Gravity the force of attraction between all masses in the universe Once captured, the combined object will have a new center of gravity and may be spinning in an uncontrolled way.
Suspended supported or kept from sinking or falling by buoyancy Frustrating enough at ground level, but can you imagine the agony about a stranded, ever-soggier Oreo being suspended 11 feet above the ground?
Conspicuous obvious to the eye or mind Its bright scarlet fruits are conspicuous in late autumn.
Retort a quick reply to a question or remark Having put him in ill humour with this retort, she fled away rejoicing.
Jet an airplane powered by gas turbines Typhoon fighter jets, helicopters, two warships and bomb disposal experts will also be on duty to guard against security threats.
Bolt run away The blare of bugles was heard, and a few seconds afterwards Jackson, still facing the enemy, shouted: "By Jupiter, they're bolting, sir.
Assent agree or express agreement His two companions readily assented, and the promise was mutually given and received.
Purse a sum spoken of as the contents of a money container She watched over her husband, kept his accounts, held the family purse, managed all his affairs.
Plus the arithmetic operation of summing The survey’s margin of error was plus or minus four percentage points.
Sanction give authority or permission to The Securities and Exchange Commission said last year it had sanctioned39 senior officers for conduct related to the housing market meltdown.
Proceeding a sequence of steps by which legal judgments are invoked Chu attended the special court-martial proceeding on Monday in Hawaii, Hill said.
Exalt praise, glorify, or honor Some exalt themselves by anonymously posting their own laudatory reviews.
Siege an action of an armed force that surrounds a fortified place Rebellion broke out, and finally the aged Caliph, after enduring a siege of several weeks, was murdered in his own house.
Malice feeling a need to see others suffer He viewed the moths with malice, their fluttering wings fanning his resentment.
Extravagant recklessly wasteful Advisers say new millionaires are prone to mistakes, like makingextravagant purchases or risky deals with friends.
Wax increase in phase Carols had existed for centuries, though their popularity waxed and waned as different governments and religious movements periodically declared them sinful.
Throng press tightly together or cram Deafening cheers rent the air as he landed; hundreds thronged around him to clasp his hand.
Venerate regard with feelings of respect and reverence He venerated me like a being descended from an upper world.
Assail attack someone physically or emotionally His campaign even issued a press release assailing other rivals for, in Mr. Paul’s view, taking Mr. Romney’s quote about firing people out of context.
Sublime of high moral or intellectual value He was uneven, disproportioned, saying ordinary things on great occasions, and now and then, without the slightest provocation, uttering thesublimest and most beautiful thoughts.
Exploit draw from; make good use of As humans increasingly exploit the deep seas for fish, oil and mining, understanding how species are dispersed is crucial, Copley said.
Exertion use of physical or mental energy; hard work One day overcome by exertion, she fainted in the street.
Kindle catch fire Then a match was kindled and fire applied.
Endow furnish with a capital fund The grammar school here, founded in 1533, is liberally endowed, with scholarships and exhibitions.
Imposed set forth authoritatively as obligatory The Arab League has already suspended Syria and imposed economic sanctions.
Humiliate cause to feel shame The letter claims pensioners are too often patronised, humiliated, denied privacy or even medical treatment.
Suffrage a legal right to vote There has been a great deal said in this country of late in regard to giving the right of suffrage to women.
Ensue take place or happen afterward or as a result An uproar ensued months after the approval, when opponents realized the online gambling measure had been slipped in.
Brook a natural stream of water smaller than a river He walked across the little bridge over the brook and at once his mood changed.
Gale a strong wind moving 45-90 knots The gale was accompanied, as usual, by incessant rain and thick weather, and a heavy confused sea kept our decks always flooded.
Muse reflect deeply on a subject Musing about the Big Picture may be a lot more gratifying than focusing on the details of the specific policies that aren’t working.
Satire witty language used to convey insults or scorn There’s plenty of humor on Russian television, though not much politicalsatire; Mr. Putin put a stop to that long ago.
Intrigue cause to be interested or curious Designing and building models that intrigue and educate without overwhelming has been challenging.
Indication something that serves to suggest Authorities said an autopsy found no indications of foul play or obvious signs of trauma on Houston.
Dispatch send away towards a designated goal More than one assassin was dispatched by the Turkish authorities to murder Napoleon.
Cower crouch or curl up The knaves lowered their weapons and shrank back cowering before him.
Wont an established custom He made his customary slick feeds to open teammates, but as is their wont, the Nets struggled at times to convert points on his passes.
Tract a system of body parts that serve some particular purpose When probiotics flourish in the digestive tract, nutrients are better absorbed and bad bugs are held at bay, research suggests.
Canon a collection of books accepted as holy scripture For me, all novels of any consequence are literary, and they take their place, high and low, in the canon of English literature.
Impel cause to move forward with force Some power beyond his comprehension was impelling him toward the neighboring city.
Latitude freedom from normal restraints in conduct Great employees often get more latitude to bring up controversial subjects in a group setting because their performance allows greater freedom.
Vacate leave behind empty; move out of Their number diminished sharply after Villaraigosa announced last week that he wanted protesters to vacate the grounds by Monday or be forcibly removed.
Undertaking any piece of work that is attempted "Let my epitaph be, Here lies Joseph, who was unsuccessful in all hisundertakings.
Slay kill intentionally and with premeditation "It were shame," said Lancelot, "for an armed to slay an unarmed man.
Predecessor one who precedes you in time Heller fills in the blanks about Taft, overshadowed by colorful predecessorTeddy Roosevelt.
Delicacy the quality of being exquisitely fine in appearance This refinement appears in his works, which are full of artistic grace and dainty delicacy.
Forsake leave someone who needs or counts on you; leave in the lurch "I'm surprised," said Philip, cautiously opening fire, "that you were ever allowed to forsake your native land.
Beseech ask for or request earnestly Utterly distraught, he ran up and down the bank, hunting for his clothes, calling, crying out, imploring, beseeching help from somewhere.
Philosophical relating to the investigation of existence and knowledge His arguments, like Einstein’s, were qualitative, verging on highlyphilosophical.
Grove a small growth of trees without underbrush Soon after we came to Pasadena, father bought an orange grove of twenty-five acres.
Frustrate hinder or prevent, as an effort, plan, or desire Frustrated after two years of missed budget targets, finance chiefs demanded Greek officials put their verbal commitments into law.
Illustrious widely known and esteemed She will be joining an illustrious list of recipients that include Winston Churchill, Nelson Mandela, Pope John Paul II and Princess Diana.
Device an instrumentality invented for a particular purpose You’ve probably also noticed that the telephone and computer are no longer the only devices on your employees’ desks.
Pomp cheap or pretentious or vain display Throughout U.S. history, Americans have been fascinated by royal pomp -- even on a movie screen.
Entreat ask for or request earnestly "Let me go now, please," she entreated, her eyes unable to meet his any longer.
Impart transmit, as knowledge or a skill Long before writing and books were in common use, proverbs were the principal means of imparting instruction.
Propriety correct behavior I felt a trifle doubtful about the propriety of taking a short cut across private grounds, and said as much.
Consecrate render holy by means of religious rites The building was consecrated as a Protestant Episcopal church in May, 1814.
Proceeds the income or profit arising from a transaction His own share in the proceeds was about a hundred thousand dollars.
Fathom come to understand But after flying for so many years, the idea of hanging up his sparkling wings is hard for him to fathom.
Objective the goal intended to be attained The objective was to mobilize students from 18 high schools across the city to provide community services and inspire others.
Clad wearing or provided with clothing A few of the villagers came behind, clad in mourning robes, and bearing lighted tapers.
Partisan devoted to a cause or party But given the bitter partisan divide in an election year, Democrats said they would never be able to get such legislation passed.
Faction a dissenting clique One faction declared it would begin an armed struggle against the government of the United States.
Contrived artificially formal In lesser hands the story about a young man who discovers life among the dead could be impossibly cute and contrived.
Venerable impressive by reason of age Thus, after much more than two hundred years, the venerable building looks almost as it did when the first students entered its doors.
Restrained not showy or obtrusive By contrast, Mr. Pei’s restrained design took time to claim my attention, particularly since it sat quietly next door to Saarinen’s concrete gull wings.
Besiege harass, as with questions or requests He can’t trot down the street without being besieged by paparazzi.
Manifestation a clear appearance Singing and dancing are manifestations of what many Syrians describe as a much broader cultural flowering.
Rebuke an act or expression of criticism and censure Afterward, the leaders fought court orders to release records showing what they had done, drawing an uncommonly sharp rebuke from a federal judge.
Insurgent in opposition to a civil authority or government The Free Syrian Army, an insurgent group made of defecting soldiers and based in southern Turkey, claimed responsibility for both attacks.
Rhetoric using language effectively to please or persuade His fiery rhetoric in support of limiting cuts to projected defense spending has surprised and impressed some of Obama's toughest Republican critics.
Scrupulous having ethical or moral principles The reason is that the vast majority of businesses are scrupulous and treat their employees well.
Ratify approve and express assent, responsibility, or obligation Company officials at Safeway said those replacement workers will remain on standby until the agreement is ratified by union members.
Stump cause to be perplexed or confounded Though family members long suspected Evans, a local handyman who frequently hired local youths, the case stumped investigators for years.
Discreet marked by prudence or modesty and wise self-restraint Sarkozy has attempted to tone down his image, becoming more discreetabout his private life.
Imposing impressive in appearance These buildings were grand and stylized with intricate details and a bit of animposing presence.
Wistful showing pensive sadness She turned toward him, her face troubled, her eyes most wistful.
Mortify cause to feel shame Intensely mortified at this humiliation, the king fell sick, and henceforth his health failed rapidly.
Ripple stir up so as to form small waves That could precipitate higher interest rates that would ripple across the economy.
Premise a statement that is held to be true Success, real success, comes to the jack of all trades, a major premisehanded down from pioneer days.
Subside wear off or die down Affliction is allayed, grief subsides, sorrow is soothed, distress is mitigated.
Adverse contrary to your interests or welfare High doses can have adverse effects and even cause death.
Caprice a sudden desire Nobody is really in charge, and decisions are made on whim and caprice.”
Muster gather or bring together Yet Fox needed all the strength that he could muster.
Comprehensive broad in scope The United States Army developed a comprehensive plan to address problematic race relations in the 1970s, recognizing that they were hampering military effectiveness.
Accede yield to another's wish or opinion Therefore he made up his mind to accede to his uncle's desire.
Fervent characterized by intense emotion But, to fervent applause and scattered fist pumps from two sets of worshipers, he pledged to legally challenge the claims against him.
Cohere cause to form a united, orderly, and consistent whole Two antagonistic values may cohere in the same object.
Tribunal an assembly to conduct judicial business The military has historically been protected from civilian courts, with any crimes committed by soldiers being decided in closed military tribunals.
Austere severely simple A certain austere simplicity was noticeable all over Longfellow's house.
Recovering returning to health after illness or debility “The recovering economy is bringing more people back into the market.
Stratum people having the same social or economic status She belonged to the upper stratum of the profession, and, knowing it, could not sink.
Conscientious characterized by extreme care and great effort A conscientious hostess would be very much mortified if she served chicken out of its proper course.
Arbitrary based on or subject to individual discretion or preference Sandra Nurse, a member of Occupy's direct action working group, said police treated demonstrators roughly and made arbitrary arrests.
Exasperate irritate Shopkeepers, exasperated at the impact of higher taxes and reduced consumer spending, are planning to close down for the day.
Conjure summon into action or bring into existence Vacation homes typically conjure up dreams of blue skies, pristine sand and crystalline waters.
Ominous threatening or foreshadowing evil or tragic developments The Count's words were so ominous, so full of sinister meaning that for the moment he felt like crying out with fear.
Edifice a structure that has a roof and walls They are here erecting a fine stone edifice for an Episcopal Church.
Elude escape, either physically or mentally But despite racking up world titles, Olympic gold was eluding him.
Pervade spread or diffuse through An air of intense anticipation pervaded the General’s dining room.
Foster promote the growth of Mr. Horne accused the district’s Mexican-American studies program of using an antiwhite curriculum to foster social activism.
Admonish scold or reprimand; take to task "Children, children, stop quarrelling, right here in public!" admonishedMrs. Dering, in a low, shocked tone.
Repeal cancel officially If Republicans repeal the law, Ms. Schakowsky said, they would be “taking away benefits that seniors are already getting.”
Retiring not arrogant or presuming Foster was an extremely modest, unworldly, retiring gentleman.
Incidental not of prime or central importance The models themselves are incidental on “Scouted,” merely empty planets around which revolve some fascinating characters and plenty more dull ones.
Acquiesce agree or express agreement American officials initially tried to resist President Karzai’s moves but eventually acquiesced.
Slew a large number or amount or extent In fact, intense focus may be one reason why so-called savants become so extraordinary at performing extensive calculations or remembering a slewof facts.
Usurp seize and take control without authority More than anything, though, officials expressed concern about reigniting longstanding Mexican concerns about the United States’ usurping Mexico’s authority.
Sentinel a person employed to keep watch for some anticipated event The prisoners undressed themselves as usual, and went to bed, observed by the sentinel.
Precision the quality of being reproducible in amount or performance At this time, home ranges of small rodents can not be measured with greatprecision, therefore any such calculations are, at best, only approximations.
Depose force to leave an office Late Wednesday, Mr. Touré, the deposed president, spoke out from hiding for the first time.
Wanton unprovoked or without motive or justification I am not a sentimentalist by any means, yet I abominate wanton cruelty.
Odium state of disgrace resulting from detestable behavior This was one of the men who bring odium on the whole class of prisoners, and prejudice society against them.
Precept rule of personal conduct The law of nature has but one precept, "Be strong.
Deference a courteous expression of esteem or regard Other rules, as indicated in Mr. Collins' book, concerned deportment, and demanded constant deference to superiors.
Fray a noisy fight Armed rebels have joined the fray in recent months.
Candid openly straightforward and direct without secretiveness The actor was candid about his own difficult childhood growing up with alcoholic parents.
Enduring unceasing What makes the galumphing hubby such an enduring stock character?
Impertinent improperly forward or bold Imagine calling a famous writer by his first name—it seemed impertinent, to say the least.
Bland lacking stimulating characteristics; uninteresting Many critics were less than enamored with the kind of “easy listening” Mr. Williams embodied, deriding his approach as bland and unchallenging.
Insinuate suggest in an indirect or covert way; give to understand "Good heavens, do you mean to insinuate that I did anything crooked?" said Bojo loudly, yet at the bottom ill at ease.
Nominal insignificantly small; a matter of form only He sought nominal damages of one dollar from each defendant.
Suppliant humbly entreating The colonists asked for nothing but what was clearly right and asked in the most respectful and even suppliant manner.
Languid lacking spirit or liveliness Many viewers, bored by the languid pace of the show, tuned out early.
Rave praise enthusiastically I have heard lots of women simply rave about him.
Monetary relating to or involving money A hundred years ago, monetary policy – control over interest rates and the availability of credit – was viewed as a highly contentious political issue.
Headlong in a hasty and foolhardy manner “They may not be wishing to rush headlong back into the same sort of risks just yet.”
Infallible incapable of failure or error But conductors are no more infallible than other people, and once in a blue moon in going through a train they miss a passenger.
Coax influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering He used his most enticing manner and did his best to coax the little animal out again.
Explicate elaborate, as of theories and hypotheses He urged judges to resist the rigid guidelines and to write opinionsexplicating their reasons for doing so.
Gaunt very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold Gaunt, starved, and ragged, the men marched northwards, leaving the Touat country upon their left hand.
Morbid suggesting the horror of death and decay Earlier in the day, however, his demise was watched by spectators with amorbid fascination.
Ranging wandering freely His detective work is fascinating and wide ranging.
Pacify ease the anger, agitation, or strong emotion of How they pacified him I don’t know, but at the end of two hours he had cooled off enough to let us go aboard.
Pastoral idyllically rustic He made a considerable reputation as an accomplished painter of quietpastoral subjects and carefully elaborated landscapes with cattle.
Dogged stubbornly unyielding Some analysts expect Mr. Falcone, who is known for his doggeddetermination, to just continue to limp along while slashing costs.
Ebb fall away or decline Although Gardner’s competitive appetite ebbed after 2004, other cravings did not.
Aide someone who acts as an assistant She later found work as a teacher’s aide in a Head Start program in Harlem.
Appease cause to be more favorably inclined; gain the good will of The king also has tried to appease public anger over corruption.
Stipulate make an express demand or provision in an agreement The mayor has an executive order in place stipulating that all top officials, except those granted a waiver, live in the city.
Recourse something or someone turned to for assistance or security Bargain hunters and holiday shoppers are bad guys’ favorite targets and have little or no recourse when shoddy or fake merchandise arrives.
Constrained lacking spontaneity; not natural All his goodness, however, will be of a forced, constrained, artificial, and at bottom unreal character.
Bate moderate or restrain; lessen the force of “You called her ‘an interfering, disagreeable old woman’!” whispered Bertha with bated breath, glancing half fearfully at the door as she spoke.
Aversion a feeling of intense dislike Already my passive dislike had grown into an active aversion.
Conceit an artistic device or effect An urban panorama is viewed from a high vantage point, a conceit used in topographic art to render vast perspectives.
Loath strongly opposed Friends and political allies are loath to talk about her, knowing the family’s intense obsession with privacy.
Rampart an embankment built around a space for defensive purposes The night was gloomy, dark, and wet; the soldiers, wearied with watching at the ramparts, dozed, leaning on their weapons.
Extort obtain by coercion or intimidation The owners, in turn, have called the lawyers shakedown artists bent on ruining their good reputations to extort money.
Tarry leave slowly and hesitantly For two days I tarried in Paris, settling my little property.
Perpetrate perform an act, usually with a negative connotation Come on it’s just a cruel joke perpetrated by the airline industry.”
Decorum propriety in manners and conduct Wishing to observe the rules of decorum she invited him to stay for supper, though absolutely nothing had been prepared for a guest.
Luxuriant produced or growing in extreme abundance Her luxuriant curly hair, restrained by no net, but held together simply by a flowering spray, waved over her shoulders in all its rich abundance.
Cant insincere talk about religion or morals It was the familiar cant of the man rich enough to affect disdain for money, and Wade was not impressed.
Enjoin give instructions to or direct somebody to do something He turned to beckon the others forward with one hand, while laying the other over his mouth in a gesture enjoining silence.
Avarice extreme greed for material wealth The old man's fears were assailed with threats, and his avarice was approached by bribes, and he very soon capitulated.
Edict a formal or authoritative proclamation An edict was issued by him forbidding any Christian to give instruction in Greek literature under any circumstances.
Disconcert cause to lose one's composure Perplexed and disconcerted, I found no words to answer such an amazing sally.
Symmetry balance among the parts of something Even the staging displays symmetry, with actors lined up on either side in formal precision.
Capitulate surrender under agreed conditions "Alas, no," said Bergfeld, mournfully, "the day after the battle our brave soldiers were surrounded by overwhelming forces and obliged tocapitulate.
Arbitrate act between parties with a view to reconciling differences The Scottish throne was now disputed by many claimants, and the Scots asked Edward to arbitrate between them.
Cleave separate or cut with a tool, such as a sharp instrument Instead someone shouts "Go" and he is bearing down on me and almostcleaves my shield in two with his first blow.
Append add to the very end Some specimens will appear in the papers appended to this report.
Visage the human face An honest, quiet laugh often mantled his pale earnest visage.
Horde a moving crowd Hordes of puzzled tourists, many with rolling suitcases attached, poured down the staircases.
Parable a short moral story In most instances, I have closed my visits by reading some interesting story or parable.
Chastise censure severely She remembers an upsetting incident when a headmistress chastised her for working too much.
Foil hinder or prevent, as an effort, plan, or desire On March 1st, a Turkish newspaper reported that the country's intelligence service had foiled an attempt by Syrian agents to kidnap the colonel.
Veritable being truly so called; real or genuine The heavy rain had reduced this low-lying ground to a veritable quagmire, making progress very difficult even for one as unburdened as he was.
Grapple work hard to come to terms with or deal with something But, he said, all coastal communities will have to grapple with rising seas.
Gentry the most powerful members of a society The mode of travel of the gentry was riding horses, but most people traveled by walking.
Pall a sudden numbing dread Residents who fled in recent days spoke of the smell of death and piles of garbage drifting like snowbanks, casting a pall over the city.
Maxim a saying that is widely accepted on its own merits The maxim "All is fair in love and war" was applied literally.
Projection a prediction made by extrapolating from past observations Volume is down 25 percent from five years ago, and projections show even further declines, said Postmaster General Patrick R. Donahoe.
Prowess a superior skill learned by study and practice While our engineering prowess has advanced a great deal over the past sixty years, the principles of innovation largely have not.
Dingy thickly covered with ingrained dirt or soot Though composed amid the unromantic surroundings of a dingy, dusty, and neglected back room, the speech has become a memorable document.
Semblance an outward appearance that is deliberately misleading He was perceptibly older, in the way in which people look older all at once after having long kept the semblance of youth.
Tout advertise in strongly positive terms Testing is being touted as the means of making the U.S. education system competitive, even world-class.
Fortitude strength of mind that enables one to endure adversity Leigh Hunt bore himself in his captivity with cheerful fortitude, suffering severely in health but flagging little in spirits or industry.
Asunder into parts or pieces In 1854, as I have already remarked, Nicaragua was split asunder by civil war.
Rout an overwhelming defeat It's how Seattle won Sunday's game in Chicago, scoring 31 consecutive second-half points as an impressive comeback became an overwhelmingrout.
Staid characterized by dignity and propriety He was prim and staid and liked to do things in an orderly fashion.
Beguile influence by slyness I can no longer remain silent in the presence of the schemers who seek tobeguile you.
Purport have the often specious appearance of being or intending Of course, none of these purported medical benefits have any grounding in science.
Deprave corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality The people who make up this typical Gorky offering are drunkards, thieves,depraved creatures of every kind.
Bequeath leave or give, especially by will after one's death No matter how often she changed her will, she told me, that diamond pin was always bequeathed to me.
Enigma something that baffles understanding and cannot be explained Tails are often an enigma; many creatures have them, but scientists know little about their function, particularly for extinct species.
Assiduous marked by care and persistent effort He's an assiduous diary-keeper and regularly rereads ancient entries to check up on himself.
Vassal a person holding a fief And what was of still greater importance, he could only obtain taxes and soldiers from among the vassals, by the consent of their feudal lords.
Quail draw back, as with fear or pain He quailed before me, and forgetting his new part in old habits, muttered an apology.
Outskirts outlying areas, as of a city or town Ms. Waters talked about how she had spent the day at an organic farm on the outskirts of Beijing looking at vegetables for the dinner.
Bulwark a protective structure of stone or concrete The cliffs are of imposing height, nearly three hundred feet: a formidablebulwark.
Swerve an erratic turn from an intended course However, I was not going to swerve from my word.
Gird prepare oneself for action or a confrontation Protesters are girding for another police raid as several City Council members have called on protesters to leave.
Betrothed pledged to be married We are not betrothed'—her eyes filled with tears,—'he can never marry me; and he and my father have quarrelled.
Prospective of or concerned with or related to the future Most prospective homesteaders make the same mistake I did in buying horses, unless they are experienced.
Advert make reference to In the family circle it was rarely adverted to, and never except when some allusion to the approaching separation had to be made.
Peremptory not allowing contradiction or refusal This time it was not a request but a peremptory order to go at once to Cuba and undertake the work.
Rudiment the elementary stage of any subject He retraced his steps, and came to Cape Girardeau, in Missouri, where he remained some time, acquiring the rudiments of the English language.
Deduce reason from the general to the particular They then used models of global wind circulation to deduce which dust sources have become stronger and which weaker.
Halting proceeding in a fragmentary, hesitant, or ineffective way “I so much love cricket,” he said, shyly, in halting English.
Ignominy a state of dishonor After all, we love nothing better than seeing the powerful and formerly smug dragged across the front pages in ignominy.
Ideology an orientation that characterizes the thinking of a group Bill O’Reilly and others picked up on the theme, summing up left-wingideology as “San Francisco values.”
Pallid lacking in vitality or interest or effectiveness But too often the music sounded thin and pallid.
Chagrin strong feelings of embarrassment But he was feeling deeply chagrined and mortified over his last escapade.
Obtrude thrust oneself in as if by force She had no right to obtrude herself into his life and to disturb it.
Audacious disposed to venture or take risks In an audacious operation that unfolded like a Hollywood thriller, the Navy Seals executed a daring raid deep into Pakistan to kill Osama bin Laden.
Construe make sense of; assign a meaning to But nothing that was said Tuesday can be construed as good news.
Ford cross a river where it's shallow Sometimes they drive their teams through unsettled country, without roads, swimming and fording streams, clearing away obstructions, and camping where night overtakes them.
Repast the food served and eaten at one time Fragrant coffee, light rolls, fresh butter, ham and eggs, fried crocuses and soft crabs, formed the repast.
Stint an unbroken period of time during which you do something He found his unionized warehouse job after a stint working for his father, an accountant.
Fresco a mural done with watercolors on wet plaster The little church has an ancient fresco of St. Christopher, placed, as usual, opposite the entrance.
Dutiful willingly obedient out of a sense of respect Perhaps he thinks an engaged young lady should be demure and dutiful, having no eyes or ears for any one except her betrothed.
Hew make or shape as with an axe They bought a log chain, and lumber for a door; the window frames werehewed from logs.
Parity functional equality How many of the world’s problems would be solved, or at least greatly reduced, if women had true parity with men?
Affable diffusing warmth and friendliness He was well liked and respected in these islands, for his affable manners had obtained for him much popularity.
Interminable tiresomely long; seemingly without end All was going well, but slowly, the time taken for the last few feet seeming to be interminable.
Pillage steal goods; take as spoils In addition great material losses were inflicted: seven hundred houses were destroyed, six hundred stores pillaged, and thousands of families utterly ruined.
Foreboding a feeling of evil to come Mr. Harding had strong forebodings that the trouble, so far from being ended, was only just beginning.
Rend tear or be torn violently In the distance heavy artillery was growling, and high explosive shells were bursting with a violence that seemed to rend the sky.
Livelihood the financial means whereby one lives With businesses shut, fields untended and fishing abandoned many have lost their livelihoods as well as their homes, our correspondent says.
Deign do something that one considers to be below one's dignity To Mr. Gompers' courteous letter Czar Gary did not deign to reply.
Capricious determined by chance or impulse rather than by necessity Her admirers were capricious, returning to her at times, and then holding aloof again; and as for suitors, they entirely disappeared.
Stupendous so great in size, force, or extent as to elicit awe The fact was so stupendous that Terry felt almost frightened over the great good fortune.
Chaff material consisting of seed coverings and pieces of stem The wheat, being heavy, falls, while the chaff is blown away.
Innate not established by conditioning or learning In other words, one of our most essential abilities as humans--reading--is the product of a combination of innate and learned traits.
Reverie an abstracted state of absorption He stood still, seemingly lost in reverie, and quite oblivious to the group about him.
Wrangle quarrel noisily, angrily, or disruptively Here were many fierce and bitter wrangles over vexed questions, turbulent scenes, displays of sectional feelings.
Crevice a long narrow opening The disruptive power of tree roots, growing in the crevices of rocks, is well known.
Ostensible appearing as such but not necessarily so This already-exhaustive book is studded with diary entries, academic papers and other ostensible evidence that its fictitious stories of destruction are true.
Craven lacking even the rudiments of courage; abjectly fearful Was it for them to follow the craven footsteps of a cowardly generation?
Vestige an indication that something has been present Now, there was no vestige of vegetation; no living thing.
Plumb examine thoroughly and in great depth Tellingly, Ms. Liao said she had great difficulty finding three actors willing toplumb their own personalities.
Reticent temperamentally disinclined to talk No questions were asked, and few indeed were the words spoken, hisreticent manner preventing any undue familiarity.
Propensity an inclination to do something A longtime colleague, Gate Theatre director Michael Colgan, noted Kelly's old-school charms, punctuated by his propensity for bow ties and smart suits.
Chide censure severely or angrily He chided reporters as having “stalked” family members, demanding that his relatives be left alone.
Espouse choose and follow a theory, idea, policy, etc. He said Islam should not be equated with terrorism or the kind of violenceespoused by Bin Laden.
Raiment especially fine or decorative clothing Clothed in fine raiment and faring sumptuously every day, he soon developed into a handsome lad.
Intrepid invulnerable to fear or intimidation There are some very courageous and intrepid reporters in Afghanistan, including some who work for American media outlets.
Seemly according with custom or propriety The Baron was less conscientious, for he ate more beefsteak than wasseemly, and talked a great deal of stupid nonsense, as was his wont.
Allay lessen the intensity of or calm Our boy was scared and confused; we tried to allay his fears.
Fitful occurring in spells and often abruptly She had lost her composure, her breath came in fitful, uneven gasps, and as she sat there she pressed one hand over her heart.
Erode become ground down or deteriorate Another report today showed home prices fell more than forecast in November, eroding the wealth of families as they seek to rebuild savings.
Unaffected free of artificiality; sincere and genuine His conversation was unaffectedly simple and frank; his language natural; always abounding in curious anecdotes.
Canto a major division of a long poem Folengo’s next production was the Orlandino, an Italian poem of eightcantos, written in rhymed octaves.
Docile easily handled or managed Time and again humans have domesticated wild , producing tame individuals with softer appearances and more docile temperaments, such as dogs and guinea pigs.
Patronize treat condescendingly Ms. Paul herself noted that “glib talk about appreciating dyslexia as a ‘gift’ is unhelpful at best and patronizing at worst.”
Teem be abuzz The coast, once teeming with traffic, is now lonely and deserted.
Estrange arouse hostility or indifference in An atmosphere of distrust, suspicion and fear can cause workers to feelestranged from one another, Dr. Wright has written.
Spat a quarrel about petty points Public spats are rare in the asset-management industry, where companies typically resolve disputes behind closed doors.
Warble sing or play with trills Meadow larks, as you have undoubtedly noticed, warble many different songs.
Mien a person's appearance, manner, or demeanor Nevertheless, before going to meet Samuel, she assumed a calm and dignified mien.
Sate fill to contentment His appetite was not sated by any means, but he knew the danger of overloading his stomach, so he stopped.
Constituency the body of voters who elect a representative for their area Each posited that the blue-collar Democratic constituency rooted in the New Deal had grown increasingly conservative, alienated from “big government.”
Patrician characteristic of the nobility or aristocracy Respectable ladies, long resident, wearing black poke bonnets and camel's-hair shawls, lifted their patrician eyebrows with disapproval.
Parry avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing The boys asked a few guarded questions, but gained no information whatever, their questions being parried in every instance.
Practitioner someone who carries out a learned profession In particular, modern medical practitioners are coming around to the idea that certain illnesses cannot be reduced to one isolatable, treatable cause.
Ravel disentangle Overcasting is done by taking loose stitches over the raw edge of the cloth, to keep it from ravelling or fraying.
Infest occupy in large numbers or live on a host Many lived in dilapidated apartments with leaky pipes, broken windows, rooms full of mold, and walls infested with cockroaches and rats.
Actuate give an incentive for doing something He knew that men were actuated by other motives, good and bad, than self-interest.
Surly unfriendly and inclined toward anger or irritation But Blake, being surly and quarrelsome even when sober, gave the lapel a savage jerk, and reached out with his other hand.
Convalesce get over an illness or shock Patients convalescing from pneumonia were evacuated to England or given Base Duty.
Demoralize lower someone's spirits; make downhearted The storm clobbered many communities still recovering from the flooding two months ago caused by Hurricane Irene, leaving weary homeowners exhausted and demoralized.
Devolve grow worse As the rhetoric heated up inside, the violence outside devolved into chaos.
Alacrity liveliness and eagerness Every one exerted himself not only without murmuring and discontent, but even with an alacrity which almost approached to cheerfulness.
Waive do without or cease to hold or adhere to Low rates have also led retail brokerages to waive fees on money market funds to avoid negative returns for their clients.
Unwonted out of the ordinary He must rush off to see his people, who no doubt were quite confounded by his unwonted energy.
Seethe be in an agitated emotional state Outwardly quite calm and matter-of-fact, his mind was in a seethingturmoil.
Scrutinize look at critically or searchingly, or in minute detail Fans and commentators are scrutinizing every blemish: his turnovers, his weak left hand, his jump shot.
Diffident lacking self-confidence Shyly diffident in the presence of strangers, her head was lowered.
Execrate curse or declare to be evil or anathema When all Great Britain was execrating Napoleon, picturing him as a devil with horns and hoofs, Byron looked upon him as the world's hero.
Implacable incapable of being appeased or pacified This man was a savage in his implacable desire for revenge.
Pique a sudden outburst of anger A talented youngster who smashes his guitar in a fit of pique finds it magically reassembled just in time for a crucial concert.
Mite a slight but appreciable amount I never saw anybody so pleased with monkeys as she is, and not one miteafraid.
Encumber hold back Two others were making slower progress for the reason that each wasencumbered by supporting a disabled man.
Uncouth lacking refinement or cultivation or taste He had not stopped to consider her rough speech and uncouth manners.
Petulant easily irritated or annoyed The black eyes emitted an angry flash, the voice that answered was sharp and petulant.
Expiate make amends for Wulphere was absolved on condition that he should expiate his crime by founding churches and monasteries all over his kingdom.
Cavalier given to haughty disregard of others Some would have given Nicklaus a cavalier response: polite nod while thinking, “Yeah, whatever.”
Banter light teasing repartee Our easy banter had suddenly been replaced by strained and awkward interaction.
Bluster act in an arrogant, overly self-assured, or conceited manner Slade, despite his swaggers and blustering, was at heart a coward.
Debase corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality Long oppression had not, on the whole, either blunted their intellects ordebased their morals.
Retainer a person working in the service of another This faithful and trusted retainer is greatly valued by his employers.
Subjugate make subservient; force to submit or subdue The Confederacy was led by thoroughgoing racists who wanted to keep blacks subjugated for all time because of the color of their skin.
Extol praise, glorify, or honor How I praised the duck at that first dinner, and extolled Madame's skill in cookery!
Fraught filled with or attended with But the ocean remains an unpredictable place, fraught with hazards.
August profoundly honored At all times reserved in his manner and his bearing full of dignity, never before had she realized the majesty of General Washington’s augustpresence.
Fissure a long narrow depression in a surface The brown bark is not very rough, though its numerous fissures and cracks give it a rugged appearance.
Knoll a small natural hill Opened in 2008, the park serves as a true public space; elderly couples stroll around the artificial lake as toddlers roll down grassy knolls.
Callous emotionally hardened Outwardly merry and good-humoured, he was by nature coldly fierce, calculating, callous.
Inculcate teach and impress by frequent repetitions or admonitions But instruction in history has been for a long time systematically used toinculcate certain political sentiments in the pupils.
Nettle disturb, especially by minor irritations Lincoln began these remarks by good-humored but nettling chaffing of his opponent.
Blanch turn pale, as if in fear He is silent, as if struck dumb, his face showing blanched and bloodless, while she utters a shriek, half terrified, half in frenzied anger.
Inscrutable difficult or impossible to understand The fashion industry is notoriously opaque and often inscrutable for outsiders, even ones as well connected as him.
Tenacious stubbornly unyielding She was a tenacious woman, one who would even hold fast a thing which she no longer valued, simply because it belonged to her.
Thrall the state of being under the control of another person Then Kiss commenced in earnest, and quickly held his audience in thrall.
Exigency a pressing or urgent situation The exigency of the situation roused Mr. Popkiss' sluggish faculties into prompt action.
Disconsolate sad beyond comforting; incapable of being soothed Was there a bereaved mother or disconsolate sister weeping over their dead?
Impetus a force that makes something happen Critics say it has known mixed success at best, although supporters hope the U.S. drawdown could provide just the impetus it needs to thrive.
Imposition an uncalled-for burden On that far-away day he had considered the little, lost girl a nuisance and an imposition.
Auspices kindly endorsement and guidance In March 2009, negotiations between Israel and Hamas were held in Cairo, under the auspices of the Egyptian intelligence agency.
Sonorous full and loud and deep His voice rang out firmly now, a deep and sonorous bass.
Exploitation an act that victimizes someone In a scathing report released last year, Amnesty International found there was widespread exploitation of migrants in Malaysia.
Bane something causing misery or death Knee pain is the bane of many runners, sometimes causing them to give up altogether.
Dint force or effort If only certain puzzles could be solved by dint of sheer hard thinking!
Ignominious deserving or bringing disgrace or shame The great Ottawa chief saw his partially accomplished scheme withering into ignominious failure.
Amicable characterized by friendship and good will After a short colloquy the two men evidently came to an amicableunderstanding, for they shook hands.
Onset the beginning or early stages Thousands of families are living in makeshift camps as temperatures fall to freezing with the onset of winter.
Conservatory a schoolhouse with special facilities for fine arts The young instrumental talent that is coming out of local music schools andconservatories is as amazingly good as you are going to find anywhere.
Zenith the point above the observer directly opposite the nadir In other words it never reaches the zenith, a point directly overhead.
Voluble marked by a ready flow of speech I find him charming: shy – yet easy to talk to – voluble and funny once he gets going.
Yeoman a free man who cultivates his own land On one extreme was the well-to-do yeoman farmer farming his own land.
Levity a manner lacking seriousness The same balance of seriousness and levity runs through her plays, which put an absurdist spin on everyday problems.
Rapt feeling great delight and interest She was watching the development of the investigation with rapt, eager attention.
Sultry characterized by oppressive heat and humidity New guidelines from the American Academy of Pediatrics arrive just as school sports ramp up in sultry August temperatures.
Pinion bind the arms of The prisoners having dismounted, were placed in a line on the ground facing the guillotine, their arms pinioned.
Axiom a proposition that is not susceptible of proof or disproof The fundamental axiom of scientific thought is that there is not, never has been, and never will be, any disorder in nature.
Descry catch sight of Looking off seaward, I could descry no sails.
Retinue the group following and attending to some important person Despite his retinue of security personnel, Atambaev had been poisoned during his short tenure as prime minister.
Functionary a worker who holds or is invested with an office He was the functionary of the assize court, impaneling its juries, bringing accused men before it, and carrying out its penalties.
Imbibe take in liquids "We're cornered at last," he said suddenly, as the old man set the bottle down after having imbibed the best half of its contents.
Diversified having variety of character or form or components Funds in both categories tend to be highly diversified, typically with 100 or more stocks across at least 10 industries.
Maraud raid and rove in search of booty Its reporter says armed gangs and looters are marauding the streets.
Grudging petty or reluctant in giving or spending Expect delays, scattered outages and surly, grudging customer service in the interim.
Partiality a predisposition to like something She still showed a partiality for bright colors, by her gown of deep crimson.
Philology the humanistic study of language and literature I had determined to study philology, chiefly Greek and Latin, but the fare spread out by the professors was much too tempting.
Wry humorously sarcastic or mocking She also has a very understated but very wry sense of humour; watch out for it.
Caucus meet to select a candidate or promote a policy Representative Ron Paul of Texas isn’t campaigning in Florida, instead focusing on Maine, which will caucus in late February.
Permeate spread or diffuse through Florida’s summertime heat permeates almost every scene, becoming something like a character.
Propitious presenting favorable circumstances With the Athens stock market down nearly 30 percent so far this year, it would not seem a propitious time for initial public offerings.
Salient conspicuous, prominent, or important Bullying has become an increasingly salient problem for school-age children, and in rare cases has ended tragically with victims committing suicide.
Propitiate make peace with King Edward, having subdued the Welsh, “endeavoured to propitiate his newly acquired subjects by becoming a resident in the conquered country.
Excise remove by cutting Wielding a razor, Jefferson excised all passages containing supernaturalistic elements from the gospels, extracting what he took to be Jesus's pure ethical teachings.
Betoken be a signal for or a symptom of The haggard face and sombre eyes betokened considerable mental anguish.
Palatable acceptable to the taste or mind If nicely cooked in this way, cabbage is as palatable and as digestible as cauliflower.
Upbraid express criticism towards When Kahn warned of a serious economic "depression", he was upbraidedby the White House for using such language.
Renegade someone who rebels and becomes an outlaw If he went off to another people he lost all standing among the Sioux and was thereafter treated as an outlaw and a renegade.
Hoary ancient The device of the trapped young person saved by books is a hoary one, but Ms. Winterson makes it seem new, and sulfurous.
Pedantic marked by a narrow focus on or display of learning The reader is treated to pedantic little footnotes, and given a good deal of information which is either gratuitous or uninteresting.
Coy showing marked and often playful evasiveness or reluctance It was funny watching such a solid person, based in faith and education, grow a trifle coy about the year of his birth.
Troth a solemn pledge of fidelity She had pledged to him her troth, and she would not attempt to go back from her pledge at the first appearance of a difficulty.
Encroachment entry to another's property without right or permission The move may mark yet another attempt by France to rein in what it sees as the encroachment of online services on the country's culture.
Belie be in contradiction with "It is a fine morning," he said, taken aback by my sudden movement, but affecting an indifference which the sparkle in his eye belied.
Armada a large fleet An armada of three hundred ships manned by eighteen thousand marines assembled in the bay on their way to the conquest of Algiers.
Succor assistance in time of difficulty Given his health woes, succession worries and persistent isolation, Mr. Kim may simply be seeking succor from what may be his last friend on earth.
Imperturbable marked by extreme calm and composure Ordinarily imperturbable, even in the face of unexpected situations, he was now visibly agitated.
Irresolute uncertain how to act or proceed I stood for a moment before I entered on my arduous undertaking,irresolute and hesitating, swayed by two conflicting impulses.
Knack a special way of doing something He had a special knack of hunting out farm houses, engaging madame in conversation, and coming away with bread, eggs, or cheese in his knapsack.
Unseemly not in keeping with accepted standards of what is proper The square mile's upbeat mood may strike some as unseemly at a time of national gloom.
Accentuate stress or single out as important This sparkling marvel lies modestly nestled among the law courts, whose plainer modern buildings serve but to accentuate its wonderful beauty.
Divulge make known to the public information previously kept secret She hectors her children not to divulge personal information like phone numbers online.
Brawn possessing muscular strength He believes Hollywood has often have had an over-reliance on physicalbrawn as the deciding factor for portraying a strong man.
Burnish polish and make shiny Great cleanliness is enforced in all that belongs to a lighthouse, the reflectors and lenses being constantly burnished, polished, and cleansed.
Palpitate beat rapidly After supper my heart started racing, palpitating like a tick.
Promiscuous not selective of a single class or person A promiscuous assembly had gathered there—men of all creeds and opinions—and an "open-air" meeting was in progress.
Dissemble make believe with the intent to deceive Pictures have always dissembled – there are millions of snaps of miserable families grinning bravely – but now they directly lie.
Flotilla a fleet of small craft She was guarded by a flotilla of boats equipped with satellites, Global Positioning System devices, advanced navigation systems and shark shields.
Invective abusive language used to express blame or censure There's much more name-calling, shouting and personal invective in American life than anywhere I've ever traveled outside the United States.
Hermitage the abode of a recluse All the rest of their time is passed in solitude in their hermitages, which are built quite separate from one another.
Despoil destroy and strip of its possession Wherever his lordship's army went, plantations were despoiled, and private houses plundered.
Sully make dirty or spotty Why sully the reputation of an otherwise fascinating online community with really deeply questionable, troubling content?
Malevolent having or exerting a malignant influence So you don’t believe in evil, as an actual malevolent force?
Irksome tedious or irritating It was pretty irksome passing the time in his enforced prison, and finally Andy went to sleep.
Prattle speak about unimportant matters rapidly and incessantly She prattled on about the gossip of the town until Penny and her father were thoroughly bored.
Subaltern inferior in rank or status The careful commanding officer of a regiment discourages his youngsubalterns from taking leave to Hill Stations.
Welt a raised mark on the skin But red, itchy welts typically appear within 24 to 48 hours of being bitten.
Wreak cause to happen or to occur as a consequence The burden of paying for college is wreaking havoc on the finances of an unexpected demographic: senior citizens.
Tenable based on sound reasoning or evidence First, it is no longer really tenable – and in fact a bit disrespectful – to call a country like China an emerging economy.
Inimitable matchless Leave aside Spain, where Barcelona breeds its own, inimitable style, and the answer might be that we are rushing toward uniformity.
Depredation a destructive action Wild elephants abound and commit many depredations, entering villages in large herds, and consuming everything suitable to their tastes.
Amalgamate bring or combine together or with something else Where two weak tribes amalgamated into one, there it exceptionally happened that two closely related dialects were simultaneously spoken in the same tribe.
Immutable not subject or susceptible to change or variation We are mistaken to imagine a work of literature is or should beimmutable, sculpted in marble and similarly impervious to change.
Proxy a person authorized to act for another Ideally, everybody over 18 should execute a living will and select a health care proxy — someone to represent you in medical matters.
Dote shower with love; show excessive affection for He doted on him, just dearly loved him, and thought he could do no wrong,” Kredell said.
Reactionary extremely conservative Old people are often accused of being too conservative, and evenreactionary.
Rationalism the doctrine that reason is the basis for regulating conduct Offering a religious rationale for policy goals threatens what for many has become the cherished principle of secular rationalism in public life.
Endue give qualities or abilities to To say the least of it, he was endued with sufficient intelligence to acquire an ordinary knowledge of such matters.
Discriminating showing or indicating careful judgment and discernment Jobs’ Apple specializes in delighting the most discriminating, hard-to-please customers.
Brooch a decorative pin Upon her breast she wore a brooch of gold set with many precious stones.
Pert characterized by a lightly saucy or impudent quality Her pert, lively manner said she hadn't taken any wooden nickels lately.
Disembark exit from a ship, vehicle, or aircraft The immigrants disembarked from their ships tired and underfed—generally in poor health.
Aria an elaborate song for solo voice Ms. Netrebko sang an elegantly sad aria with lustrous warmth, aching vulnerability and floating high notes.
Trappings ornaments; embellishments to or characteristic signs of They were caparisoned in Indian fashion with gay colors and fancytrappings.
Abet assist or encourage, usually in some wrongdoing "Since YouTube, digital culture has aided and enhanced -- or maybe the better word is abetted -- the celebrity meltdown," said Wired magazine senior editor Nancy Miller.
Clandestine conducted with or marked by hidden aims or methods For Jordan, this is a clandestine relationship it would much prefer to have kept secret.
Distend swell from or as if from internal pressure Some kids said LaNiyah's distended abdomen looked like she was carrying a baby.
Glib having only superficial plausibility The other sort of engineer understands that glib comparisons between computers and humans don't do justice to the complexities of either.
Pucker gather something into small wrinkles or folds Godmother,' she went on, puckering her forehead again in perplexity, 'it almost feels like feathers.
Rejoinder a quick reply to a question or remark "Not at all!" was Aunt Susannah's brisk rejoinder.
Spangle adornment consisting of a small piece of shiny material Magdalen's garments are rich with spangles; her mantle is scarlet; she has flowers in her luxuriant tresses, and looks a vain creature.
Blighted affected by something that prevents growth or prosperity Hudec, whose career has been blighted by knee injuries and operations, won for the first time in more than four years.
Nicety conformity with some aesthetic standard of correctness They accepted the invitation; but Mrs. Rowlandson did not appreciate theniceties of Indian etiquette.
Aggrieve infringe on the rights of Some fallout appears evident in donations from Wall Street executives, who feel particularly aggrieved by Mr. Obama’s criticisms and policies.
Vestment a gown worn by the clergy And then a priest, arrayed in all his vestments, came in at the open door, and the prince and princess exchanged rings, and were married.
Urbane showing a high degree of refinement Polished, urbane and gentlemanly—his manners were calculated to refine all around him.
Defray bear the expenses of The legislation also calls for $1.6 billion in spending cuts to help defray the disaster costs.
Spectral resembling or characteristic of a phantom Hawthorne’s figures are somewhat spectral; they lack flesh and blood.
Munificent very generous They have shown themselves very loving and generous lately, in making a quite munificent provision for his traveling.
Dictum an authoritative declaration In other words, they seemed fully subscribed to Andy Warhol’s dictum that business art is the best art.
Fad an interest followed with exaggerated zeal According to Chinese media, the hottest new fad in China involves selling small live-animal key chains.
Scabbard a sheath for a sword or dagger or bayonet Drawing his own sabre from its scabbard, he pointed to a stain on it, saying, "This is the blood of an Englishman.
Adulterate make impure by adding a foreign or inferior substance Shady dealers along the supply chain frequently adulterate olive oil with low-grade vegetable oils and add artificial coloring.
Beleaguer annoy persistently Rock concert ticket sales dropped sharply last year, sounding another sour note for the beleaguered music industry.
Gripe complain If America is going to gripe about the yuan’s rate, then China will complain about the dollar’s role.
Remission an abatement in intensity or degree After a few hours there is a remission of the pain, slight perspiration takes place, and the patient may fall asleep.
Exorbitant greatly exceeding bounds of reason or moderation Soon, stories began trickling across the Atlantic of crazed fans payingexorbitant sums to get into London gigs.
Invocation the act of appealing for help These dances are prayers or invocations for rain, the crowning blessing in this dry land.
Cajole influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering Hamilton, however, was not to be cajoled into friendliness by superficial compliment.
Inclusive encompassing much or everything We are going to adhere to our basic programing strategy of nonpartisan information inclusive of all different points of view.
Interdict command against Failing to satisfy his examiners, he was interdicted from practice, but ignored the prohibition, and suffered more than one imprisonment in consequence.
Abase cause to feel shame Ashamed, abased, degraded in his own eyes, he turned away his head.
Obviate do away with Comfortable sleeping-cars obviate the necessity of stopping by the way for bodily rest, provided the traveller be physically strong and in good health.
Hurtle move with or as if with a rushing sound The hurricane was expected to hit Washington in the early hours of Sunday before hurtling toward New York City.
Unanimity everyone being of one mind On all other points of colonial policy, Mackenzie declared, people would be found to differ, but as regards the post office there was absoluteunanimity.
Mettle the courage to carry on The deployment will also test the emotional mettle of soldiers and their families.
Interpolate insert words into texts, often falsifying it thereby Most scholars agree that these lines are interpolated, since they do not fit in with the rest of the poem.
Surreptitious marked by quiet and caution and secrecy He noticed that the peddler was eying the bag Scotty had picked up, and was trying to be surreptitious about it.
Dissimulate hide feelings from other people From infancy these people have been schooled to dissimulate and hide emotion, and ordinarily their faces are as opaque as those of veteran poker players.
Ruse a deceptive maneuver, especially to avoid capture Overseas criminals use elaborate ruses, including phony websites, to trick job-seekers into helping transfer stolen funds.
Specious plausible but false You might be tempted to think of the biggest airline as the one with the most aircraft, but capacity differences make this reasoning specious.
Revulsion intense aversion After a first instinctive cry of horrified revulsion, the men reached down under water with their hands and drew out—a corpse.
Hale exhibiting or restored to vigorous good health From a hearty, hale, corn-fed boy, he has become pale, lean, and wan.
Palliate lessen or to try to lessen the seriousness or extent of Divisions and inequalities persist, but government can palliate their effects with hard cash.
Obtuse lacking in insight or discernment The affair had been mentioned so plainly that it was impossible for the most dense and obtuse person not to have understood the allusion.
Querulous habitually complaining He was, at times, as querulous as a complaining old man.
Vagary an unexpected and inexplicable change in something Today such acquisitions are more likely to stay put, destined to survive both market fluctuations and the vagaries of style.
Incipient only partly in existence; imperfectly formed Above all, medical teams will need to establish quick surveillance to identify health needs and pinpoint incipient outbreaks before they explode.
Obdurate stubbornly persistent in wrongdoing Several appeared deeply affected, with tears of repentance standing in their eyes, others sullen and obdurate.
Grovel show submission or fear The two young men who drove them had fallen flat and were grovellingand wailing for mercy.
Refractory stubbornly resistant to authority or control Beyond them the gardener struggled with a refractory horse that refused to draw his load of brush and dead leaves.
Dregs sediment that has settled at the bottom of a liquid "Right got to go," Ali says, draining the dregs of his beer.
Ascendancy the state when one person or group has power over another But in a few days he had secured an almost incredible ascendancy over the sullen, starved, half-clothed army.
Supercilious having or showing arrogant disdain or haughtiness A supercilious, patronizing person—son of a wretched country parson—used to loll against the wall of your salon—with his nose in the air.
Pundit someone who has been admitted to membership in a field Pundits of agricultural science explore the sheds, I believe, the barns, stables, machine-rooms, and so forth, before inspecting the crops.
Commiserate feel or express sympathy or compassion We had spent countless hours together drinking wine and commiseratingabout child-rearing, long Wisconsin winters and interrupted sleep.
Alcove a small recess opening off a larger room They showed him where he would sleep, in a little closet-like alcovescreened from the big room by a gay curtain.
Assay make an effort or attempt He decided to assay one last project before giving up.
Parochial narrowly restricted in outlook or scope But Republicans in Pennsylvania also have narrower and more parochialthings to worry about.
Conjugal relating to the relationship between a wife and husband They even had conjugal visits for prisoners — five hours in a private room every three months with your wife.
Abjure formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief The caste abstain from liquor, and some of them have abjured all flesh food while others partake of it.
Frieze an ornament consisting of a horizontal sculptured band All the doorways mentioned above have cornices, and in those at Palmyra and Baalbec richly carved friezes with side corbels.
Ornate marked by complexity and richness of detail Unlike his literary icon, Herman Melville, he doesn’t adorn his writing withornate flourishes or complicated scaffolding.
Inflammatory arousing to action or rebellion We don't know whether inflammatory language or images can incite the mentally ill to commit acts of violence.
Machination a crafty and involved plot to achieve your ends He was continued a member of Congress until 1777 when his enemies succeeded in their long nursed machinations against him.
Mendicant a pauper who lives by begging In others are the broken-down mendicants who live on soup-kitchens and begging.
Meander move or cause to move in a sinuous or circular course They paused beside one of the low stone walls that meandered in a meaningless fashion this way and that over the uplands.
Bullion gold or silver in bars or ingots In times of economic turmoil, more people tend to invest in bullion gold.
Diffidence lack of self-assurance His grave diffidence and continued hesitation in offering an opinion confirmed me in my own.
Makeshift done or made using whatever is available The house was still under construction, so he climbed up a ladder being used as a makeshift stairway, fell and injured his leg.
Husbandry the practice of cultivating the land or raising stock The U.S. can take a lesson from Denmark, which has efficiently raised livestock without hurting farmers, by using better animal husbandrypractices.
Podium a platform raised above the surrounding level Leyva beamed as he stood atop the podium, nodding as the American flag was raised and “The StarSpangled Banner” played in his honor.
Dearth an insufficient quantity or number A continuing dearth of snow in many U.S. spots usually buried by this time of year has turned life upside down.
Granary a storehouse for threshed grain or animal feed Here is where he does his husking, and the "clear corn" produced is stored away in some underground granary till It is needed.
Whet make keen or more acute While he described the fishing as “pretty good,” the silver salmon running in the creek only whetted his appetite to return to Alaska.
Imposture pretending to be another person He got somebody to prosecute him for false pretences and imposture, on the ground that Madame was a man.
Diadem an ornamental jeweled headdress signifying sovereignty I dethrone monarchs and the people rejoicing crown me instead, showeringdiadems upon my head.
Fallow undeveloped but potentially useful Several new prostate cancer drugs have been approved in the last couple of years, after a long fallow period, and others are in advanced development.
Hubbub loud confused noise from many sources There was some good-humoured pushing and thrusting, the drum beating and the church bells jangling bravely above the hubbub.
Dispassionate unaffected by strong emotion or prejudice The commission sitting by, judicial, dispassionate, presided with cold dignity over the sacrifice, and pronounced it good.
Harrowing causing extreme distress Belgium found itself in turmoil as hundreds of people came forward to offerharrowing accounts of abuse over several decades.
Askance with suspicion or disapproval A secret marriage in these days would be looked upon askance by most people.
Lancet a surgical knife with a pointed double-edged blade His left arm was held by the second physician, while the chief surgeon bent over it, lancet in hand.
Rankle make resentful or angry He was feeling more like himself now, though the memory of the bully’s sneering words rankled.
Ramify have or develop complicating consequences Cometary science has ramified in unexpected ways during the last hundred years.
Gainsay take exception to That Whitman entertained a genuine affection for men and women is, of course, too obvious to be gainsaid.
Polity a governmentally organized unit China needs a polity that can address its increasingly sophisticated society, and to achieve that there must be political reform, Mr. Sun said.
Credence the mental attitude that something is believable "Well-known brand names that promote new products receive morecredence than newcomers that people don't know about.
Indemnify make amends for; pay compensation for She put her affairs in order and left instructions that those whom she had unwittingly wronged should be indemnified out of her private fortune.
Ingratiate gain favor with somebody by deliberate efforts He became kindly and coaxing, leaning across the table with aningratiating smile.
Declivity a downward slope or bend In this frightful condition, the hunter grappled with the raging beast, and, struggling for life, they rolled together down a steep declivity.
Importunate making persistent or urgent requests The young man was then passionately importunate in the protestations of his love.
Passe out of fashion My friend is very keen on the new crowd; everything else he declares is "passe.
Whittle cut small bits or pare shavings from Tad followed, whittling on a stick with his knife and kicking at the shavings as they fell.
Repine express discontent Those poor fellows above, accustomed to the wild freshness and freedom of the sea, how they must mourn and repine!
Flay strip the skin off Once at the moose and hastily flaying the hide from the steaming meat my attention became centered on the task.
Larder a small storeroom for storing foods or wines Mr. Goncalves’s larder holds staples like beefsteak, salt cod, sardines, olives, artichokes, hot and sweet peppers and plenty of garlic.
Threadbare thin and tattered with age They were all poor folk, wrapped in threadbare cloaks or tattered leather.
Grisly shockingly repellent; inspiring horror Television video showed a heavily damaged building and a grisly scene inside, with clothing and prayer mats scattered across a blood-splattered floor.
Untoward not in keeping with accepted standards of what is proper Responding to criticism that cash payments are a classic means of tax evasion, he said he had done nothing untoward.
Idiosyncrasy a behavioral attribute peculiar to an individual One of his well-known idiosyncrasies was that he would never allow himself to be photographed.
Quip make jokes or witty remarks "I could have joined the FBI in a shorter period of time and with less documentation than it took to get that mortgage," she quipped.
Blatant without any attempt at concealment; completely obvious There was no blatant display of wealth, and every article of furniture bore signs of long though careful use.
Stanch stop the flow of a liquid She did not attempt to stanch her tears, but sat looking at him with a smiling mouth, while the heavy drops fell down her cheeks.
Incongruity the quality of disagreeing Hanging out wet clothes and an American flag at the North Pole seemed an amusing incongruity.
Perfidious tending to betray The perfidious Italian at length confessed that it was his intention to murder his master, and then rob the house.
Platitude a trite or obvious remark But details are fuzzy and rebel leaders often resort to platitudes when dismissing suggestions of discord, saying simply that "Libya is one tribe.
Revelry unrestrained merrymaking But all this revelry — dancing, drinks, exuberant youth — can be hard to manage.
Delve turn up, loosen, or remove earth So she did what any reporter would do: she delved into the scientific literature and talked to investigators.
Extenuate lessen or to try to lessen the seriousness or degree of Prosecutors often spend time weighing mitigating and extenuatingcircumstances before deciding to seek the death penalty.
Polemic a verbal or written attack, especially of a belief or dogma Would it be a polemic that denounced Western imperialism for using cinema to undermine emerging nations like Kazakhstan?
Enrapture hold spellbound I was delighted, enraptured, beside myself--the world had disappeared in an instant.
Virtuoso someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field Each of the seven instrumentalists was a virtuoso in his own right and had ample opportunity to prove it, often in long, soulful solos.
Glower look angry or sullen as if to signal disapproval A moment later he would collapse, sit glowering in his chair, looking angrily at the carpet.
Mundane found in the ordinary course of events Now, it would seem, that the Chinese are getting back to their everyday concerns, paying attention to events more mundane and less cataclysmic.
Fatuous devoid of intelligence They're too stupid, for one thing; they go on burning houses and breaking windows in their old fatuous way.
Incorrigible impervious to correction by punishment She scolded and lectured her sister in vain; Cynthia was incorrigible.
Postulate maintain or assert In fact, when Einstein formulated his cosmological vision, based on his theory of gravitation, he postulated that the universe was finite.
Gist the central meaning or theme of a speech or literary work The syntax was a little off, even comical at times, but I got the gist of what was going on.
Vociferous conspicuously and offensively loud The complaints grew so loud and vociferous that even President Obama was forced to address the backlash from Lisbon on Saturday.
Purvey supply with provisions And we will agree also to purvey food for these horses and people during nine months.
Baleful deadly or sinister “But he is dead,” put in Fanning, wondering at the baleful expression of hatred that had come into the man’s face.
Gibe laugh at with contempt and derision So much did their taunts prey upon him that he ran away from school to escape their gibes.
Dyspeptic irritable as if suffering from indigestion One may begin with heroic renunciations and end in undignified envy anddyspeptic comments outside the door one has slammed on one's self.
Prude a person excessively concerned about propriety and decorum Criticising high-profile programmes about teenage sex education often means risking being written off as a prude.
Luminary a celebrity who is an inspiration to others Founded in 1947, the group's members have included such luminaries as Walt Disney, Spencer Tracy and another American president, Ronald Reagan.
Amenable disposed or willing to comply He, Jean Boulot, being so amenable to sensible argument, would at once fall in with his views.
Willful habitually disposed to disobedience and opposition I crossed my arms like a willful child.
Overbearing having or showing arrogant superiority to "True; but——" "Just so," interrupted Mr. Fauntleroy, in his decisive and rather overbearing manner.
Dais a platform raised above the surrounding level The throne was elevated on a dais of silver steps.
Automate operate or make run by machines rather than human action And because leap seconds are needed irregularly their insertion cannot beautomated, which means that fallible humans must insert them by hand.
Enervate weaken mentally or morally The reviewers have enervated men’s minds, and made them indolent; few think for themselves.
Wheedle influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering On one level, I expected incessant flattery in attempts to wheedleequipment or even money from American forces.
Gusto vigorous and enthusiastic enjoyment The audience, surprisingly large given the inclement weather, responded with gusto, applauding each song, including those within the Shostakovich cycle.
Bouillon a clear seasoned broth The meat soups are called broths, bouillon, or consommé, according to their richness.
Omniscient infinitely wise Robbe-Grillet responds that his work is in fact far less objective than the godlike, omniscient narrator who presides over so many traditional novels.
Apostate not faithful to religion or party or cause They are atheist conservatives — Mr. Khan an apostate to his family’s Islamic faith, Ms. Mac Donald to her left-wing education.
Carrion the dead and rotting body of an animal; unfit for human food Habitually his diet is not carnivorous, but he will eat at times either carrionor living flesh.
Emolument compensation received by virtue of holding an office As the TUC has pointed out, those incomes – except for senior executives, whose emoluments seem to know few bounds – are rising more slowly than prices.
Ungainly lacking grace in movement or posture Thomas looked up furtively and saw that an ungainly human figure with crooked legs was being led into the church.
Impiety unrighteousness by virtue of lacking respect for a god That, however, is unbelief, extreme impiety, and a denial of the most high God.
Decadence the state of being degenerate in mental or moral qualities But there are people who really do not want to import what they regard as Western decadence, especially public drunkenness.
Homily a sermon on a moral or religious topic In his New Year's homily, the pope said "words were not enough" to bring about peace, particularly in the Middle East.
Avocation an auxiliary activity Unlike many retired doctors, whom he says often have no life outside their profession, he always knew sailing would become his avocation.
Circumvent avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing Mr. Bloomberg said he would take several steps to circumvent obstacles to his proposals posed by city labor unions.
Syllogism reasoning in which a conclusion is derived from two premises The conclusions arrived at by means of syllogisms are irresistible, provided the form be correct and the premises be true.
Collation assembling in proper numerical or logical sequence In the case of early printed books or manuscripts, which are often not paged, special knowledge is needed for their collation.
Haggle wrangle, as over a price or terms of an agreement Obama said while officials can haggle over the makeup of spending cuts, the policy issues have no place in the measure.
Waylay wait in hiding to attack Sir Samuel Clithering was not, of course, a member of it; but he lurked about outside and waylaid us as we went in.
Savant a learned person Frank had studied something of almost everything and imagined himself asavant.
Cohort a group of people having approximately the same age The current cohort of college students is, as many have pointed out, the first truly digital generation.
Unction excessive but superficial compliments with affected charm "You couldn't ask too much of me," he returned, with no unction of flattery, but the cheerfully frank expression of an ingenuous heart.
Adjure command solemnly “I adjure thee,” she said, “swear to me that you will never go near those Christians again or read their books.”
Acrimony a rough and bitter manner Relations with India have been slowly improving, although talks ended inacrimony last July with the two sides indulging in a public spat over Kashmir.
Clarion loud and clear “He has been the single, clarion voice for commuter rail in central Florida for 20 years,” said Mayor Ken Bradley of Winter Park.
Turbid clouded as with sediment The thick turbid sea rolled in, casting up mire and dirt from its depths.
Cupidity extreme greed for material wealth Well educated, but very corrupt at heart, he found in his insatiable cupiditymany ways of gaining money.
Disaffected discontented as toward authority The financial crisis, largely caused by banker incompetence, has created legions of disaffected customers.
Preternatural surpassing the ordinary or normal In fact, they regarded the Spaniards as superior beings endowed withpreternatural gifts.
Eschew avoid and stay away from deliberately Morrissey is among those seniors who are eschewing nursing homes in favor of independent living.
Expatiate add details, as to an account or idea He then expatiated on his own miseries, which he detailed at full length.
Didactic instructive, especially excessively Let us have a book so full of good illustrations that didactic instruction shall not be needed.
Sinuous curved or curving in and out In origami parlance, Mr. Joisel was a wet-folder, dampening his paper so that he could coax it into sinuous curves.
Rancor a feeling of deep and bitter anger and ill-will The current session of Parliament has so far produced only rancor, as opposition parties have shut down proceedings with angry, theatrical protests against corruption.
Puissant powerful The ship was not fighting now, but yielding—a complacent leviathan held captive by a most puissant and ruthless enemy.
Homespun characteristic of country life His rural, homespun demeanor ordinarily might elicit snickers from India’s urban elite.
Embroil force into some kind of situation or course of action But Mr. Marbury, often embroiled in controversy during his N.B.A. days, seems to have found some measure of peace in China.
Pathological caused by or evidencing a mentally disturbed condition "Fixated individuals" — mentally ill people with a pathological focus on someone, often a stranger — make up the first group.
Resonant characterized by a loud deep sound His eyes were piercing but sad, his voice grand and resonant, suiting well the wrathful, impassioned Calvinism of his sermons.
Libretto the words of an opera or musical play In many great operas, composers have had to whittle down an epic literary work into a suitable libretto.
Flail thrash about Exercise is prescribed, but when she joins an aqua aerobics class, she flailsembarrassingly.
Bandy discuss lightly Hillary Clinton’s name has been bandied about, but she’s made it clear she’s not interested.
Gratis costing nothing "Would you admit them gratis?" asked Mr. Castlemaine with a smile, "or would they have to pay, like ordinary residents in an hotel?
Upshot a phenomenon that is caused by some previous phenomenon The inevitable upshot of their growing social power was that brands wanted an expanded visual presence.
Aphorism a short pithy instructive saying General Sherman's famous aphorism that "War is Hell," has become classic.
Redoubtable worthy of respect or honor Captain Miles Standish was a redoubtable soldier, small in person, but of great activity and courage.
Corpulent excessively fat Obesity is very common, but chiefly among the women, who while still quite young often become enormously corpulent.
Benighted lacking enlightenment or knowledge or culture I alone was magnificently and absurdly aware—everyone else wasbenightedly out of it.
Sententious abounding in or given to pompous or aphoristic moralizing He is the village wise man; very sententious; and full of profound remarks on shallow subjects.
Cabal a clique that seeks power usually through intrigue Supposedly, see, there's this global cabal of scientists conspiring to bring about socialist one-world government.
Paraphernalia equipment consisting of miscellaneous articles It's outfitted with cricket bats and other antique sports paraphernalia.
Vitiate make imperfect His talent in writing is vitiated by his affectation and other faults.
Adulation exaggerated flattery or praise And celebrities get all this adulation for something that is not about character, it's about talent.
Quaff swallow hurriedly or greedily or in one draught Meanwhile the officers under the tree had got served, and, cups in hand, were quaffing joyously.
Unassuming not arrogant Parr's conduct after his most heroic actions was thoroughly modest andunassuming.
Libertine a dissolute person Still, Mr. Awlaki was neither among the most conservative Muslim students nor among the libertines who tossed aside religious restrictions on drinking and sex.
Maul injure badly Hundreds of concert goers were mauled as they left by what The New York Times called “bands of roving youths.”
Adage a condensed but memorable saying embodying an important fact So he focuses on the fans and embraces the adage, “Living well is the best revenge.”
Expostulation the act of expressing earnest opposition or protest He even believed he saw visions with his own bodily eyes, and noexpostulations of his friends could drive this belief out of his head.
Tawdry tastelessly showy It was a tawdry affair, all Cupids and cornucopias, like a third-rate wedding cake.
Trite repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse The subject—a deathbed scene—might seem at first sight to be a trite and common one.
Hireling a person who works only for money Why should I?—a mere police detective, who had been hired to do a service and paid for it like any other hireling.
Ensconce fix firmly Though she is firmly ensconced in a writing career, Ms. Freud, 48, said that in the early days she missed acting terribly.
Egregious conspicuously and outrageously bad or reprehensible “These offenses are very serious, even egregious,” the judge said.
Cogent powerfully persuasive His thesis was too cogent, and appealed too powerfully to all classes of the Upper Canada community, to be anything but irresistible.
Incisive demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions A half-hour of informed and incisive questioning by Mr. Russert would have demolished Mr. Trump.
Errant straying from the right course or from accepted standards As the crowd voiced its displeasure, the referees made sure Wisconsin got the ball, but pass was errant and rolled out of bounds at midcourt.
Sedulous marked by care and persistent effort Sedulous attention and painstaking industry always mark the true worker.
Incandescent characterized by ardent emotion, intensity, or brilliance Kirkwood's anger cooled apace; at worst it had been a flare of passion—incandescent.
Derelict in deplorable condition Others are clustered under a tin awning by a derelict railway station or in similarly run-down school buildings.
Entomology the branch of zoology that studies insects From the department of entomology you expect to learn something about the troublesome insects, which are so universal an annoyance.
Execrable unequivocally detestable But minds were so overexcited at the time that the parties mutually accused each other, on all occasions, of the most execrable crimes.
Sluice pour as if from a conduit that carries a rapid flow of water At 4:15 p.m., as the rain was sluicing off roofs in sheets, the firemen moved the trucks to higher ground.
Moot of no legal significance, as having been previously decided The statement from Hermitage said even in the Soviet period no defendant had been tried after death, when charges were generally considered moot.
Evanescent tending to vanish like vapor Time seems stopped but it is moving on, and every glimmer of light isevanescent, flitting.
Vat a large open vessel for holding or storing liquids The cream remains in the large vat about twenty-four hours before it is churned.
Dapper marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners Thoroughly dapper, he took off his black-and-white pinstriped suit jacket — with its pocket-square flair — and weaved in and out among them, his voice ever rising.
Asperity harshness of manner All this proceeds from the old man, whose proper character it is to be angry and bitter, and to exhibit rancor and asperity.
Flair a natural talent In fact, while Lamarr qualified as an inventive genius for her artistic flair, she fell somewhat short on her scientific acumen.
Mote a tiny piece of anything He took his discharge out of his pocket, brushed every mote of dust from the table, and spread the document before their eyes.
Circumspect careful to consider potential consequences and avoid risk Obama administration officials argue that new regulations are forcing insurers to be more circumspect about raising rates.
Inimical not friendly The Hindu idea is that so long as justice and equity characterise a king’s rule, even beasts naturally inimical are disposed to live in friendship.
Apropos of an appropriate or pertinent nature I found myself thinking vaguely about things that were not at all aproposto the situation.
Gruel a thin porridge He says, keep them on just two pints of Indian-meal gruel—by which he appears to mean thin hasty pudding—a day, and no more.
Gentility elegance by virtue of fineness of manner and expression This was no rough bully of the seas; Carew's bearing and dandified apparel bespoke gentility.
Disapprobation pronouncing as wrong or morally culpable Mr Ruthven shook his head and declared that he regarded the conduct of her persecutors with grave moral disapprobation.
Cameo engraving or carving in low relief on a stone The trinket was a small round cameo cut out of mother-of-pearl and set in gold; it represented St. George and the dragon.
Gouge swindle; obtain by coercion Shortages also have raised concerns about higher prices and gouging by wholesale drug companies that obtain supplies of hard-to-get drugs and jack up the costs.
Oratorio a musical composition for voices and orchestra Mendelssohn had no sooner completed his first oratorio, "St. Paul," than he began to think about setting another Bible story to music.
Inclement severe, of weather Be prepared for inclement weather and possible ice and snow on park roads.
Scintilla a tiny or scarcely detectable amount Gardner "never expressed one scintilla of remorse for his attack upon the victim" despite overwhelming evidence, prosecutors wrote in a sentencing memo.
Confluence a flowing together And indeed, before the 13th century, there was an extraordinaryconfluence of genius and innovation, particularly around Baghdad.
Squalor sordid dirtiness What can be expected of human beings, crowded in such miserable habitations, living in filth and squalor, and often pinched with hunger?
Stricture severe criticism While gratefully accepting the generous praises of our friends, we must briefly reply to some strictures by our critics.
Emblazon decorate with heraldic arms His coat of arms was emblazoned on the cover.
Augury an event indicating important things to come This is always an encouraging sign, and an augury of success.
Abut lie adjacent to another or share a boundary It depicts a mountain landscape near Kingston, a historic town abuttingthe Hudson River.
Banal repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse Highly dramatic incidents are juxtaposed with comparatively banal ones; particular attention is given to tales of doomed love affairs.
Congeal solidify, thicken, or come together Boil down the syrup to half its original quantity, but take care that it does not boil long enough to congeal or become thick.
Pilfer make off with belongings of others Many young people scavenge for reusable garbage, living on proceeds frompilfered construction material and other recyclables.
Malcontent a person who is unsatisfied or disgusted Now, unfortunately, some malcontents among the hands here have spread their ideas, and a strike has been called.
Sublimate direct energy or urges into useful activities They might instead have passionate friendships, or sublimate their urges into other pursuits.
Eugenic causing improvement in the offspring produced Eugenics was aimed at creating a better society by filtering out people considered undesirable, ranging from criminals to those imprecisely designated as “feeble-minded.”
Lineament the characteristic parts of a person's face The tears stood in Muriel's eyes, and her face was very pale, but serenity marked every lineament.
Firebrand someone who deliberately foments trouble But Hassan is not some teenage firebrand hurling rocks; he’s a slight, graying scholar committed to peace.
Fiasco a complete failure or collapse The Stuttgart protests became a national fiasco in late September, when protesters clashed with police wielding batons and water cannons.
Foolhardy marked by defiant disregard for danger or consequences Many mistakes—extravagant purchases, foolhardy investments—are made in the first months after a windfall.
Retrench tighten one's belt; use resources carefully But there was only one way open to me at present—and that was toretrench my expenses.
Ulterior lying beyond what is openly revealed or avowed Shop window displays may help prettify shopping thoroughfares, but any savvy retailer has the ulterior motive of self promotion.
Equable not varying His must have been that calm, equable temperament not easily ruffled, which goes with the selfrespecting nature.
Inured made tough by habitual exposure But he had become inured to the rush and whirr of missiles, and now paid no heed whatever to them.
Invidious containing or implying a slight or showing prejudice "After an old-fashioned, all-round team performance … it might seeminvidious to single out one player," admits the paper before singling out one player.
Unmitigated not diminished or moderated in intensity or severity In order to be well directed, sympathy must consider all men, and not the individual alone; only then is it an unmitigated good.
Concomitant an event or situation that happens at the same time The conclusion must be drawn that every epidemic of bubonic plague is caused by the concomitant rat plague.
Cozen cheat or trick Dicing-houses, where cheaters meet, and cozen young men out of their money.
Phlegmatic showing little emotion Humanity, when surfeited with emotion, becomes calm, almostphlegmatic.
Dormer a gabled extension built out from a sloping roof Other features, such as the front French doors and two roof dormers with curved-top windows and operable shutters, give this home a pleasing, well-balanced presence.
Pontifical denoting or governed by or relating to a bishop or bishops The high priest made no resistance, but went forth in his pontifical robes, followed by the people in white garments, to meet the mighty warrior.
Disport occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion Straightway the glade in which they sat was filled with knights, ladies, maidens, and esquires, who danced and disported themselves right joyously.
Apologist a person who argues to defend some policy or institution Tories, and apologists for Great Britain, have written much about a justification for this action, but there is no real justification.
Abeyance temporary cessation or suspension My feelings of home-sickness had returned with redoubled strength after being long in abeyance.
Enclave an enclosed territory that is culturally distinct And its suburban schools, rather than being exclusive enclaves, include children whose parents can't afford a house in the neighborhood.
Improvident not supplying something useful for the future He was industrious but improvident; he made money and he lost it.
Disquisition an elaborate analytical or explanatory essay or discussion Cumulatively, what emerges from To Kill a Mockingbird is a thoughtfuldisquisition that encompasses – and goes beyond – the question of racial bias at its worst.
Categorical not modified or restricted by reservations "European leaders were united, categorical and crystal clear: Gaddafi must go," British Prime Minister David Cameron said.
Placate cause to be more favorably inclined The East India Company was placated by the concession of further exemptions in its favour.
Redolent serving to bring to mind Here, however, are congregated a vast number of curious and interesting objects, while the place is redolent of vivid historical associations.
Felicitous exhibiting an agreeably appropriate manner or style The first book is the finest, sparkling with felicitous expressions and rising frequently to true poetry.
Gusty blowing in puffs or short intermittent blasts Winds could get gusty, occasionally blowing at more than 30 miles per hour.
Natty marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners He wore a checked suit, very natty, and was more than usually tall and fine-looking.
Pacifist opposed to war He was, furthermore, a real pacifist, believing that war is debasing morally and disastrous economically.
Buxom healthily plump and vigorous Mrs. Connelly—a round, rosy, buxom Irishwoman, with a mellow voice, laughing eye, and artist-red hair— was very much taken with their plan.
Heyday the period of greatest prosperity or productivity Playboy's most popular years are well behind it - the magazine enjoyed itsheyday in the 1970s.
Herculean displaying superhuman strength or power He made herculean efforts to get on terms with his examination subjects, and worked harder than he had ever done in his life before.
Burgeon grow and flourish Brooklyn's burgeoning dining scene has even developed a following among Manhattan food lovers.
Crone an ugly, evil-looking old woman The aged crone wrinkled her forehead and lifted her grizzled eyebrows, still without looking at him.
Prognosticate make a prediction about; tell in advance How strange it is that our dreams often prognosticate coming events!
Lout an awkward stupid person But this question was beyond the poor lout's intelligence; he could only blubber and fend off possible chastisement.
Simper smile affectedly or derisively Mrs. Barnett's mouth simpered at the implied flattery; but her eyes, always looking calculatingly for substantial results, were studying Reedy Jenkins.
Iniquitous characterized by injustice or wickedness This was some piece of wickedness concocted by the venomous brain of theiniquitous Vicar, more abominable than all his other wickednesses.
Rile disturb, especially by minor irritations The prospect of seeing Ms. Palin tour Alaska’s wild habitats may rile some people who oppose her opinions about climate change.
Sentient endowed with feeling and unstructured consciousness The money fluttered from his hand to the floor, where it lay like a sentientthing, staring back as if mocking him.
Garish tastelessly showy With its opulently garish sets and knee-jerk realism, the production dwarfed the cast, no matter what stars were singing.
Readjustment the act of correcting again While earpieces are not uncomfortable, they do sometimes come loose, requiring readjustment.
Erstwhile belonging to some prior time Sony, whose erstwhile dominance in consumer electronics has been eroded by the likes of Samsung, could beat rivals to a potentially new generation of devices.
Aquiline curved down like an eagle's beak The nose slightly aquiline, curving at the nostril; while luxuriant hair, in broad plaits, fell far below her waist.
Bilious irritable as if suffering from indigestion But his sleep had not refreshed him; he waked up bilious, irritable, ill-tempered, and looked with hatred at his room.
Vilify spread negative information about The trial was televised and the victim's identity became known, resulting in her being vilified by almost the entire town.
Nuance a subtle difference in meaning or opinion or attitude By working so hard to simplify things, we lose any nuance or ability to deal with folks’ individual circumstances.
Gawk look with amazement He speaks mainly of his humiliation at lying on the sidewalk as hipstersgawked.
Refectory a communal dining-hall, usually in a monastery Meanwhile, the soup was getting cold in the refectory, so that the assembled brotherhood at last fell to, without waiting any longer for the Abbot.
Palatial suitable for or like a large and stately residence The house was very large; its rooms almost palatial in size, had been finished in richly carved hardwood panels and wainscoting, mostly polished mahogany.
Mincing affectedly dainty or refined She went, carrying her little head very high indeed, and taking dainty,mincing steps.
Trenchant having keenness and forcefulness and penetration in thought They are written in a serio-comic tone, and for sparkling wit, trenchantsarcasm, and dramatic dialectics surpass anything ever penned by Lessing.
Emboss raise in a relief Requests may also be made of the stationer to use an embossed plate so that the letters stand out in relief.
Proletarian a member of the working class As yet, the true proletarian wage-earner, uprooted from his native village and broken away from the organization of Indian society, is but insignificant.
Careen pitching dangerously to one side I turned the steering wheel all the way to one side, and found myselfcareening backward in a violent arc.
Debacle a sound defeat The Broncos are coming off their worst season in franchise history, a 4-12debacle that included issues on and off the field.
Sycophant a person who tries to please someone to gain an advantage The people around the king are sycophants who are looking after their own personal advantage.
Crabbed annoyed and irritable He grew crabbed and soured, his temper flashing out on small provocation.
Archetype something that serves as a model Newport, R.I., looks like a perfect archetype of a small, seaside New England town.
Cryptic of an obscure nature The authorities, beyond some cryptic language about the death being sudden but not suspicious, have released no details.
Penchant a strong liking But sometimes, old Wall Street habits — including a penchant for expensive luxuries — are hard to break.
Bauble cheap showy jewelry or ornament on clothing But men were buying Valentine's baubles for their honeys long before the first Zales ever opened its doors in a suburban shopping mall.
Mountebank a flamboyant deceiver They are singularly clever, these Indian mountebanks, especially in sleight of hand tricks.
Fawning attempting to win favor by flattery “As any cult leader, he was extremely good at milking the rich, at flattering and fawning,” Ms. Gordon said.
Hummock a small natural hill Captain Bill leaned back on a hummock of earth, his arms folded behind his head.
Apotheosis model of excellence or perfection of a kind Contrary to popular belief, however, she said Ms. Deen’s fat-laden cooking does not in fact represent the apotheosis of Southern cuisine.
Discretionary not earmarked; available for use as needed Steeper prices for basic necessities have forced many to cut back on morediscretionary purchases.
Pithy concise and full of meaning As Moore isolated finer points of the passing game, Keller in neat penmanship jotted down pithy phrases and punchy quotes, basic ideas and specific concepts.
Comport behave in a certain manner Ironically, the one man on stage who did comport himself with dignity, John Huntsman, is now being dismissed as having not made an impact.
Checkered marked by changeable fortune Both restaurants have checkered histories with the health department; they were temporarily shut down for sanitary violations that included evidence of rodents.
Ambrosia the food and drink of the gods "Frieda represents the lovely goddess, Hebe, who served nectar andambrosia to the high gods on Mount Olympus," she explained.
Factious dissenting with the majority opinion Will it be answered that we are factious, discontented spirits, striving to disturb the public order, and tear up the old fastnesses of society?
Disgorge cause or allow to flow or run out or over There are telephone poles and cinder blocks and living room chairs and large trash bins, overturned and disgorging their soggy contents.
Filch make off with belongings of others Then, in place of the real site, it displays a fake site created to filch account numbers, login names and passwords.
Wraith a mental representation of some haunting experience Whichever way he turns there loom past wraiths, restless as ghosts of unburied Grecian slain.
Demonstrable capable of being proved The linkage between deposits and trade is definite, causal, positive, statistically demonstrable.
Pertinacious stubbornly unyielding His temper, though yielding and easy in appearance, was in reality most obstinate and pertinacious.
Emend make corrections to The following were identified as spelling or typographic errors and have been emended as noted.
Laggard someone who takes more time than necessary Corporate data centers are the slowpoke laggards of information technology.
Waffle pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness A few days of waffling back and forth and I ended up going out to a mediocre bistro with my parents.
Loquacious full of trivial conversation Pan soon found it needful to make conversation, in order to keep theloquacious old stage driver from talking too much.
Venial easily excused or forgiven The confidence of ignorance, however venial in youth, is not altogether so excusable, in full grown men.
Peon a laborer who is obliged to do menial work For the most part, the men were wiry peons, some toiling half naked, but there were a number who looked like prosperous citizens.
Effulgence the quality of being bright and sending out rays of light Then, all at once, in a way that seemed to frighten her, the sunshine had burst the clouds, and dazzled her with its effulgence.
Lode a deposit of valuable ore Such local perturbations are regularly used in Sweden for tracing out the position of underground lodes of iron ore.
Fanfare a gaudy outward display It opened a month ago to considerable fanfare, with television cameras trailing government officials meandering proudly around the bright new stores filled with imported goods.
Dilettante showing frivolous or superficial interest; amateurish They dabbled in politics and art in the same dilettante fashion.
Pusillanimous lacking in courage, strength, and resolution He was described by his friends as pusillanimous to an incredible extent, timid from excess of riches, afraid of his own shadow.
Ingrained deeply rooted; firmly fixed or held The narrow prejudices of his country were ingrained too deeply in his character to be disturbed by any change of surroundings.
Quagmire a soft wet area of low-lying land that sinks underfoot The heavy rain had reduced this low-lying ground to a veritable quagmire, making progress very difficult even for one as unburdened as he was.
Reprobation severe disapproval Mr. Conway denounced this scheme as "utterly and flagrantly unconstitutional, as radically revolutionary in character and deserving thereprobation of every loyal citizen.
Mannered having unnatural behavioral attributes Nothing was mannered or pretentious; the texts came through with utter naturalness.
Squeamish excessively fastidious and easily disgusted But please note that this gunfire-fueled film is for mature audiences; given its content, young and/or squeamish viewers should avoid this one.
Proclivity a natural inclination She received, under her father's supervision, a very careful education, and developed her proclivities for literary composition at an early age.
Miserly characterized by or indicative of lack of generosity Now, my uncle seemed so miserly that I was struck dumb by this sudden generosity, and could find no words in which to thank him.
Vapid lacking significance or liveliness or spirit or zest How vapid was the talk of my remaining fellow-passengers; how slow of understanding, and how preoccupied with petty things they seemed!
Mercurial liable to sudden unpredictable change Wind energy is notoriously mercurial, with patterns shifting drastically over the course of years, days, even minutes.
Perspicuous transparently clear; easily understandable The statements are plain and simple, a perfect model of perspicuousnarrative.
Nonplus be a mystery or bewildering to I shook my head and rushed from his presence, completely nonplussed, bewildered, frantic.
Enamor attract Young Indian audiences are so enamored with reality television that they will not watch the soap operas and dramas that their parents or grandparents watch.
Hackneyed repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse Many speakers become so addicted to certain hackneyed phrases that those used to hearing them speak can see them coming sentences away.
Spate a large number or amount or extent French authorities are already reporting a rising spate of calls to emergency services by homeowners whose once-frozen water mains have now burst.
Pedagogue someone who educates young people His old pedagogue, Mr. Brownell, had been unable to teach him mathematics.
Acme the highest level or degree attainable Scientifically speaking, it is the acme of absurdity to talk of a man defying the law of gravitation when he lifts his arm.
Masticate bite and grind with the teeth Food should be masticated quietly, and with the lips closed.
Sinecure a job that involves minimal duties He would have repudiated the notion that he was looking for a sinecure, but no doubt considered that the duties would be easy and light.
Indite produce a literary work She indited religious poems which were the admiration of the age.
Emetic a medicine that induces nausea and vomiting The juice of this herb, taken in ale, is esteemed a gentle and very goodemetic, bringing on vomiting without any great irritation or pain.
Temporize draw out a discussion or process in order to gain time So he temporized and beat about the bush, and did not touch first on that which was nearest his heart.
Unimpeachable beyond doubt or reproach Whether we agree with the conclusions of these writers or not, the method of critical investigation which they adopt is unimpeachable.
Genesis a coming into being He found himself speculating on the genesis of the moral sense, how it developed in difficulties rather than in ease.
Mordant harshly ironic or sinister Even Morgan himself, intrepid as he was, shrank from the awful menace of the mordant words.
Smattering a small number or amount Only a smattering of fans remained for all four ghastly quarters.
Suavity the quality of being charming and gracious in manner His combativeness was harnessed to his suavity, and he could be forcible and at the same time persuasive.
Stentorian very loud or booming If a hundred voices shouted in opposition, his stentorian tones still made themselves heard above the uproar.
Junket a trip taken by an official at public expense Mr. Abramoff arranged for junkets, including foreign golfing destinations, for the members of Congress he was trying to influence.
Appurtenance a supplementary component that improves capability In the center of this space stood a large frame building whose courtyard, stables, and other appurtenances proclaimed it an inn.
Nostrum patent medicine whose efficacy is questionable Just here a native "medicine man" dispenses nostrums of doubtful efficacy, and in front a quantity of red Moorish pottery is exposed for sale.
Immure lock up or confine, in or as in a jail Political prisoners, numbering as many as three or four hundred at a time, have been immured within its massive walls.
Astringent sour or bitter in taste There was something sharply astringent about her then, like biting inadvertently into a green banana.
Unfaltering marked by firm determination or resolution; not shakable Still unfaltering, the procession commenced to trudge back, the littlest boy and girl bearing themselves bravely, with lips tight pressed.
Tutelage attention and management implying responsibility for safety It will do so under German leadership that grows less hesitant with each crisis, and without the American tutelage it enjoyed for so many decades.
Testator a person who makes a will This will was drawn up by me some years since at the request of thetestator, who was in good health, mentally and bodily.
Elysian of such excellence as to suggest inspiration by the gods Life seemed an elysian dream, from which care and sorrow must be for ever banished.
Fulminate criticize severely But with people looking for almost any excuse to fulminate against airlines these days, there's a certain risk of embellishment.
Fractious easily irritated or annoyed He was a fractious invalid, and spared his wife neither time nor trouble in attending to his wants.
Pummel strike, usually with the fist Another, with rubber bands wrapped tightly around his face, is pummelledby a plastic boxing kangaroo.
Manumit free from slavery or servitude Moreover, manumitted slaves enjoyed the same rights, privileges and immunities that were enjoyed by those born free.
Unexceptionable completely acceptable; not open to reproach All cowboys are from necessity good cooks, and the fluffy, golden brown biscuits and fragrant coffee of Red's making were unexceptionable.
Triumvirate a group of three people responsible for civil authority This triumvirate approach has real benefits in terms of shared wisdom, and we will continue to discuss the big decisions among the three of us.
Sybarite a person addicted to luxury and pleasures of the senses He was not used to travelling on omnibuses, being something of a sybaritewho spared nothing to ensure his own comfort.
Jibe be compatible, similar, or consistent Contemporary art has never quite jibed with mainstream media.
Magisterial offensively self-assured or exercising unwarranted power “Now look here,” he said, making believe to take down my words and shaking his pencil at me in a magisterial way.
Roseate of something having a dusty purplish pink color Behind the trees rough, lichened rock and stony slopes ran up to a bare ridge, silhouetted against the roseate glow of the morning sky.
Obloquy abusive, malicious, and condemnatory language This is the real history of a transaction which, by frequent misrepresentation, has brought undeserved obloquy upon a generous man.
Hoodwink influence by slyness The stories of the saints he regarded as preposterous fables invented tohoodwink a gullible and illiterate populace.
Striate mark with stripes of contrasting color The body is striated with clearly defined, often depressed lines, which run longitudinally and sometimes spirally.
Arrogate seize and take control without authority Japanese manufacturers were accused of arrogating American technologies to churn out low-cost electronics.
Rarefied of high moral or intellectual value The debate over climate science has involved very complex physical models and rarefied areas of scientific knowledge.
Chary characterized by great caution There was no independent verification of the figure; the authorities have been chary of releasing death tolls for fear of inflaming further violence.
Credo any system of principles or beliefs She preferred to hang out with everyone but was best friends with no one, holding to the credo: “You should be nice to people.”
Superannuated too old to be useful Civil servants are superannuated at fifty-five years of age and are sent home on a pension, seldom enjoying life longer than two years afterward.
Impolitic not marked by artful prudence Bill Maher has always been a vocal critic of Islam, even at times makingimpolitic statements about the religion.
Aspersion a disparaging remark Lord Sanquhar then proceeded to deny the aspersion that he was an ill-natured fellow, ever revengeful, and delighting in blood.
Abysmal so deep as to be immeasurable After all, many Americans regard this Congress as dysfunctional, withabysmal approval ratings.
Poignancy a quality that arouses emotions, especially pity or sorrow They were curious about the “near loss” experience—specifically the feelings of poignancy that occur when what we cherish disappears.
Stilted artificially formal But thanks to the stilted writing and stiff acting, the characters still feel very much like one-dimensional figures from a dutiful fable.
Effete excessively self-indulgent, affected, or decadent John Bull was an effete old plutocrat whose sons and daughters were given up to sport and amusement.
Provender food for domestic livestock "Fools!" she cried, looking in her magic crystal, "he was in the big sycamore under which you stopped to give your horses provender!
Endemic of a disease constantly present in a particular locality Mean-spirited chants and songs are also endemic in British soccer.
Jocund full of or showing high-spirited merriment Her jocund laugh and merry voice, indeed, first attracted my attention.
Procedural of or relating to processes In other words, the rejection was a bureaucratic/ procedural decision.
Rakish marked by a carefree unconventionality or disreputableness She wore her red cap in a rakish manner on the side of her head, its tassel falling down over her forehead between her eyes.
Skittish unpredictably excitable, especially of horses That combined with his calm and reassuring tone made me think of an animal trainer trying to woo skittish wild animals.
Peroration a flowery and highly rhetorical address He had little hope that Gallagher, once embarked on a peroration, would stop until he had used up all the words at his command.
Nonentity a person of no influence Was he such a nonentity in every way that she could remain unconcerned as to any fear of danger from him?
Abstemious marked by temperance in indulgence Raw, boozy, untethered performances are heralded as real; theabstemious professional is yawned off the stage.
Viscid having the sticky properties of an adhesive Roads were quagmires where travellers slipped and laboured throughviscid mud and over icy fords.
Doggerel a comic verse of irregular measure He sang, with accompanying action, some dozen verses of doggerel, remarkable for obscenity and imbecility.
Sleight adroitness in using the hands The trick was performed Tuesday by Russell Fitzgerald, an amateur magician known to open meetings with a little sleight of hand.
Rubric category name Ms. Moss took issue, not surprisingly, with the notion that grouping the performances under the rubric of spirituality was a marketing ploy.
Plenitude a full supply Of course at that season, amid the plenitude of seeds, nuts, and berries, they were as plump as partridges.
Rebus a puzzle consisting of pictures representing words They wrote at times with pictures standing for sounds, as we now write inrebus puzzles.
Wizened lean and wrinkled by shrinkage as from age or illness Kim Jong Il may be increasingly wizened and frail, with fingernails white from kidney disease, but his propaganda apparatus is as vigorous as ever.
Whorl a round shape formed by a series of concentric circles The flowers are waxy, tubular, fragrant, turning their yellow petals backward in a whorl.
Fracas noisy quarrel Other cops were battling each other, going after the kids and clutching empty air, cursing and screaming unheard orders in the fracas.
Iconoclast someone who attacks cherished ideas or institutions Jobs is a classic iconoclast, one who aggressively seeks out, attacks, and overthrows conventional ideas.
Saturnine bitter or scornful Only when Bill Lightfoot spoke did he look up, and then with a set sneer, growing daily more saturnine.
Madrigal an unaccompanied partsong for several voices Nevertheless we learn from Malvezzi's publication that the pieces were all written in the madrigal style, frequently in numerous voice parts.
Discursive tending to cover a wide range of subjects “Tabloid,” like his previous films, consists largely of long, discursiveconversations — in effect monologues directed at an unseen, mostly unheard interlocutor.
Zealot a fervent and even militant proponent of something "The public is going to just think of us as these zealots who want to ban smoking everywhere," he said.
Moribund not growing or changing; without force or vitality The entertainment sector there is booming, while Pakistan's is moribund.
Modicum a small or moderate or token amount He volunteered a modicum of advice, limited in quantity, but valuable.
Connotation an idea that is implied or suggested In Arabic, the word “bayt” translates literally as house, but its connotationsresonate beyond rooms and walls, summoning longings gathered about family and home.
Adventitious associated by chance and not an integral part The derivation of the word thus appears to be merely accidental andadventitious.
Recondite difficult to penetrate The mystery of verse is like other abstruse and recondite mysteries—it strikes the ordinary fleshly man as absurd.
Zephyr a slight wind The dwellings and public buildings throughout Cuba are planned to give free passage to every zephyr that wafts relief from the oppressive heat.
Countermand cancel officially In the midst of executing this order, he got another order countermandingit, and proceeding directly from his direct superior.
Captious tending to find and call attention to faults Miss Burton had been very irritable and captious in class, more so even than usual, and most of her anger was vented upon Gerry.
Cognate having the same ancestral language The synonyms are also given in the cognate dialects of Welsh, Armoric, Irish, Gaelic, and Manx, showing at one view the connection between them.
Forebear a person from whom you are descended His forebears were Greek immigrants who opened a small sandwich shop in Brooklyn, then moved, one after another, to Providence, to sell distinct, delectable wieners.
Cadaverous very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold He looked gaunt and cadaverous, and much of his old reckless joyousness had left him, though he brightened up wonderfully on seeing an old friend.
Foist force onto another Mr. Knoll added that the 3-D “Star Wars” movies are not “going to befoisted on anybody against their will.”
Dotage mental infirmity as a consequence of old age He is, as you say, a senile old man in his dotage.
Nexus a connected series or group Numerous innovators are also worrying away at this nexus of problems.
Choleric characterized by anger Jonathan, choleric with indignation, stood by his desk, clenching his hands.
Garble make false by mutilation or addition But the fact remains that the contradictory and inconsistent things said do reach the public, and usually in garbled and distorted form.
Bucolic idyllically rustic Forty-four years ago, Bill Sievers moved into his neo-Colonial house in Douglaston, Queens, on bucolic Poplar Street, lined with stately trees and equally stately homes.
Denouement the outcome of a complex sequence of events Suppose the truly apocalyptic denouement happens -- no deal is reached, and taxes rise for everyone.
Animus a feeling of ill will arousing active hostility The youthful savages had each an armful of snowballs, and they were pelting the child with more animus than seemed befitting.
Overweening unrestrained, especially with regard to feelings He had overweening ambitions even then, along with a highly developed sense of his own importance.
Tyro someone new to a field or activity As yet he was merely a tyro, gaining practical experience under a veteran Zeppelin commander.
Preen dress or groom with elaborate care He preened on fight nights in a tuxedo, a bow tie and no shirt, and he favored showy rings and bracelets.
Largesse liberality in bestowing gifts After being saved by government largesse, they say, big banks then moved to thwart reforms aimed at preventing future meltdowns caused by excessive risk-taking.
Retentive good at remembering The child was very sharp, and her memory was extremely retentive.
Unconscionable greatly exceeding bounds of reason or moderation For generations in the New York City public schools, this has become the norm with devastating consequences rooted in unconscionable levels of student failure.
Badinage frivolous banter It was preposterous to talk to her of serious things, and nothing but an airybadinage seemed possible in her company.
Insensate devoid of feeling and consciousness and animation Men also are those brutal soldiers, alike stupidly ready, at the word of command, to drive the nail through quivering flesh or insensate wood.
Sherbet a frozen dessert made primarily of fruit juice and sugar "One person said it looks like a big lime sherbet ice cream cone!
Beatific resembling or befitting an angel or saint She dozed at last, her face serene and beatific.
Bemuse cause to be confused emotionally They were marching in the middle of the street, chanting and singing and disrupting traffic while countless New Yorkers looked on, some bemused, others applauding.
Microcosm a miniature model of something The building, he said, is "a microcosm of what Shanghai was all about.
Factitious not produced by natural forces; artificial or fake Indeed, the Chinese make a factitious cheese out of peas, which it is difficult to discriminate from the article of animal origin.
Gestate have the idea for Mr. Lucas’s most recent project, still gestating, is a collaboration with Cuban musicians.
Traduce speak unfavorably about For Grover Cleveland there were no longer enemies to traduce and vilify.
Sextant an instrument for measuring angular distance For example, a sextant could be used to sight the sun at high noon in order to determine one’s latitude.
Coiffure the arrangement of the hair They sat down, and Saint-Clair noticed his friend's coiffure; a single rose was in her hair.
Malleable easily influenced “The Americans are seen as naïve malleable tools in the hands of the Brits.”
Rococo having excessive asymmetrical ornamentation The upper part of the case is decorated with elaborately carved and giltrococo motifs.
Fructify become productive or fruitful Thence they grow, expand, fructify, and the result is Progress.
Nihilist someone who rejects all theories of morality “He’s a loner nihilist who believes in nothing,” Mr. Lu said.
Ellipsis omission or suppression of parts of words or sentences He speaks in ellipses, often leaving sentences hanging, and fiddles apologetically with his BlackBerry.
Accolade a tangible symbol signifying approval or distinction The Nobel Prize, considered one of the highest accolades in literature, is given only to living writers.
Codicil a supplement to a will The codicil to her will, which she had spoken of with so much composure, left three hundred pounds to Stella and me.
Roil be agitated Like thousands of fellow students, he was roiled with emotions, struggling to come to grips with an inescapable reality.
Grandiloquent lofty in style A large part of his duties will be to strut about on the stage, and mouth more or less unintelligible sentences in a grandiloquent tone.
Inconsequential lacking worth or importance But as the months went by, Mr. Kimura had an unexpected epiphany: His business, which he thought was inconsequential, mattered to a lot of people.
Effervescence the property of giving off bubbles Both were in the very sparkle and effervescence of that fanciful glee which bubbles up from the golden, untried fountains of early childhood.
Stultify deprive of strength or efficiency; make useless or worthless Far from being engines of economic growth, Egypt's leading cities arestultified.
Tureen large deep serving dish with a cover Soups are presented in big tureens and can be quite good.
Pellucid transparently clear; easily understandable Caribou Island is a scant 300 pages, and written in prose as pellucid as the rivers he used to fish as a boy.
Euphony any pleasing and harmonious sounds It depends somewhat on usage and on euphony or agreeableness of sound.
Apocryphal being of questionable authenticity We're reminded of the story, possibly apocryphal, that they used to play the Beach Boys' Smiley Smile in psychiatric wards to calm patients.
Veracious precisely accurate For proof, we cite the following veracious narrative, which bears within it every internal mark of truth, and matter for grave and serious reflection.
Pendulous hanging loosely or bending downward And all around, far out of reach, the trees of the forest were swaying restlessly, their long, pendulous branches, like tentacles, lashing out hungrily.
Exegesis an explanation or critical interpretation Its musical significance has been presented with illuminating exegesis by more than one commentator.
Effluvium a foul-smelling outflow or vapor However, acting on my best judgment, I struck a downward course, and then suddenly a horrible effluvium was wafted to my nostrils.
Apposite being of striking appropriateness and pertinence He was quite capable of meaningful, apposite phrases about the game, even though distant sports editors did not encourage them enough.
Viscous having the sticky properties of an adhesive Sluggish, blind crawling things like three-foot slugs flowed across their path and among the tree trunks, leaving viscous trails of slime behind them.
Misanthrope someone who dislikes people in general And shaking his head like a misanthrope, disgusted, if not with life, at least with men, Patout led the horse to the stable.
Vintner someone who makes wine The question remains, he said, whether established vintners will change their winemaking practices or “continue to sell their schlock.”
Halcyon idyllically calm and peaceful; suggesting happy tranquility He now seemed to have entered on a halcyon period of life—congenial society, romantic and interesting surroundings.
Anthropomorphic suggesting human features for animals or inanimate things The same anthropomorphic fallacy that accords human attributes to giant corporations like BP distorts clear thinking about how to limit their political influence.
Turgid ostentatiously lofty in style His waspish wit can make him entertaining company at a party, but there is little evidence of that in his largely turgid prose.
Malaise a general feeling of discomfort, uneasiness, or depression Initially, many doctors discounted sufferers’ feelings of generalized malaiseas nothing more than stress or normal fatigue.
Polemical of or involving dispute or controversy His works include several dogmatic and polemical treatises, but the most important are the historical.
Gadfly a persistently annoying person Mr. Phelps is regarded here as the ultimate example of an irritating local gadfly.
Atavism a reappearance of an earlier characteristic Criminal atavism might be defined as the sporadic reversion to savagery in certain individuals.
Contusion an injury in which the skin is not broken My falling companion, being a much stouter man than myself did not fare so well, as his right shoulder received a severe contusion.
Parsimonious excessively unwilling to spend Pill-splitting is catching on among parsimonious prescription-takers who want to lower costs.
Dulcet pleasing to the ear Ever and anon the dulcet murmur of gurgling streams broke gently on the ear.
Reprise repeat an earlier theme of a composition The live set reprises material from this remarkable group's earlier Aurora CD.
Anodyne capable of relieving pain But philosophy failed, as it will probably fail till some far-off age, to find ananodyne for the spiritual distresses of the mass of men.
Bemused perplexed by many conflicting situations or statements They were marching in the middle of the street, chanting and singing and disrupting traffic while countless New Yorkers looked on, some bemused, others applauding.
